I was born in Pripyat. I was four years old when the accident happened. Watching it is more horrifying than living through it. We didn't know what we were dealing with. It's not like a hurricane or an earthquake that takes you by surprise and causes massive destruction. Here everything looked normal, that day was just like any other day and yet you were told to abandon everything and just leave. The immediate casualties of the accident were not huge, but it had an enormous impact on lives of hundreds of thousands of people. I often think what my life would be like if this didn't happen.<br/><br/>This mini series is a masterpiece, perfect in every way. Some people are complaining here that the actors don't speak Russian. I'm a native speaker of Russian and Ukrainian, I don't want the actors to speak Russian. You get so consumed by this show you stop noticing what language they speak.<br/><br/>It's not a documentary, so not each and every detail is accurate, yet I would still call it authentic. The creators got the important stuff right... Both of my parents worked at Chernobyl plant, I grew up hearing stories and versions of what happened. I think this show is the best depiction of the Chernobyl disaster and the stories of its victims. This show is to remind all of us of the cost of lies. Hi. I'm from Kiev, Ukraine. I was born in 1983 and I was 2 and a half years when the Chernobyl catastrophe happened. I remember 1980s and I can tell that the authors of this film made a GREAT job to show every detail of what the world look for is in the times of Soviet union. The telephones, the clothes, the haircuts, the cracked paint on the window sills, even the door glass is similar to what I remember. There are couple of things which seemed weird to me: firefighters didn't have the red stars on their helmets, and most of the time people use the short forms of the names when they talk to each other (Vasya, not Vasiliy, Lyuda, not Lyudmila).
But the most important thing that this film shows is that the soviet authoritiies lied to people about this catastrophe all the time. For example, in Kiev which is 130 km from Chernobyl, nobody knew about the high levels of radiation till the middle of May, they even held a parade on the first of May, when the level of radiation in Kiev was 100 times higher than normal (iodine131 isotope) and nobody gave us the iodine pills. Everyone who tried to tell the truth was called the provocateur and could even be fired from work.
I highly recommend to watch this film. This is a tribute to all the heroes who lost their lives in a radioactive flame and saved all of us from death. A Belarusian here, born in 1983. Parents were scientists, knew everything on the 27th. Chernobyl is never forgotten in Belarus and all the details of the tragedy (a flawed reactor, Soviet style apparatchiks in control, a failed experiment, a clumsy cover-up) are widely known. Yet the series managed to depict the horrible events in a way never before seen. A definite tour de force, I had to literally pause a couple of times to comprehend what had just been shown. Goose bumps and tears, what a masterpiece. Likvidatory - heroes, who contained Chernobyl - should never be forgotten.<br/><br/>Grim Soviet atmosphere depicted accurately apart from some very very minor details. Surprised that a Swedish director who made music videos for Madonna and his English-speaking cast managed to portray Chernobyl events better, than anybody from the countries most traumatized by the explosion.<br/><br/>The tragedy will live forever because of this haunting masterpiece, what a brilliant creative achievement. As my mother tells it, the weather was quite nice, the sky was clear without any sign of clouds in the spring of 1986. It was like any other day behind the iron curtain. Not a lot to do but not a lot to worry about either, a long day of boring work after dropping the kid off at the kindergarten, just to pick him up again at the afternoon, just like yesterday or any other day since the beginning of time. This is why she did not understand why the old lady (who she very much liked because she seemed to love children and had that neverstopping smile) told everyone at the nursery school not to let the children out to play, don't feed them the veggies and don't let them drink the milk we had for every lunch before that day. We lived in a hungarian town close to the croatian border and the life in that town was pretty simple apart from that day. We lived 900 kms from Chernobyl and we did not even know that place exists until 3 days later.<br/><br/>Apparently a man who did not introduce himself called most of the schools and nurseries in the country and told them the same message. A lot of teachers did not take it seriously as he did not mention any details, just the warning: do not let the children out, do not feed them any vegetables which grows overground (potatoes are fine), do not let them drink anything apart from bottled liquids.<br/><br/>Noone knew what it was about. Noone knew what danger we are in. I assume this is why it was such a shock. The life was simple and we were not supposed to know stuff. We were not supposed to be afraid, maybe only because the capitalist pigs over the iron curtain. But something changed that day. A faceless, nameless man risked his life and called everyone he could to warn them about Chernobyl. News like this is not easy to contain, soon everyone was talking about what could happen and why. Is it a nuclear attack? Is it the CIA? Are they looking at us from satelites? Are they bombing us?<br/><br/>It was the first crack on the Iron Curtain. Not Reagan's stupid monologue, not the thousands of fleeing east-germans, not the soviets economy's ridiculous debts. Entire nations realized their lives mean nothing, millions felt betrayed. A man with no name defeated the Soviet regime with a few telephone calls.<br/><br/>We still don't know who that man was. After 30 years and a few inquiries we have no clue who risked his life to prevent thousands of deaths and millions of illnesses. Some historians are adamant the person was executed and vanished without a trace, some say noone found him at all. All I know I have to be grateful for him. We all have to be. He saved a nation. Sure, we could survive the radioactive cloud the mild wind blew over our country but when I look at my two children who are the same age I was back then I am pretty sure I am not willing to take any risks. Would you?<br/><br/>Dear anonymous man who defied a violent regime to save millions: We will forever be grateful. Dear ukranian workers whose names we will never know: We will forever be grateful. The workers whose names we know: We will forever be grateful.<br/><br/>This show tells a story noone should forget and this is the right way to tell it. Bluntly. How the man with no name told us. Im ukrainian, born in 1988 and still live here. I want to give the authors of this show a big thumbs up for the whole set they have made. Every little detail of the buildings, flats, uniforms, clothes, cars, especially big thumbs up for ambulance "RAFiks" (RAF-2203), almost everything is 99% identical to the real things of the time, just a few mistakes on some signs that have been written in a mix of russian\ukrainian and some other unknown language, but it all doesnt matter, because what i have seen previously in other movies about soviets were so bad that its not even comparable to this. The other thing is this "comrade" word that almost everyone throws while calling or shouting at someone, its just one of those stereotypes thats still left in western world, in reality no one in an everyday life talked like that, especially not in Ukraine in 1986, it was mainly used in 'official' language in meetings and media, people just talked like you and i would today. Apart from this two small inaccuracies i am shocked at the level of production of this show, it is very good, no one outside of Ukraine has ever made a good tv series about Chernobyl before, i have a weird feeling it was made by someone from USSR, because there was zero moments where i cringed watching it. It was mostly "spot on", "spot on", "wow, spot on". Can't wait for the next episode!!! My husband grew up near Kyiv and his father drove one of the buses that evacuated the civilians from Pripyat. I have heard his stories of the disaster; the people's concerns, fears and sacrifices. We watch this together and he is amazed at it's authenticity. The set detail, the way the Soviet regime hierarchy functioned, the denial and secrecy surrounding the disaster. He tried (as he usually does when watching a Western production based in or about that part of the world) to find errors or inconsistencies but has not been able to - yet.<br/><br/>The acting is impeccable by all, the filming is top notch, the sounds used to heighten the tension versus music. The way they are able to capture that exact feeling of anxiety, horror, disgust and sadness all rolled into one is admirable.<br/><br/>I have completed the series and it definitely ranks as one of the best. This story has been waiting to be told and there is hands down no one better than HBO to do it. Russia has said it intends to produce its own Chernobyl program, it will be interesting to compare the two. Theirs will purportedly label the CIA as the perpetrator.... I'm Russian. Amazing work! Newer, you hear this, never ever before western cinematography made such authentic film. I speak about details: cars, kitchens, clothes... 'Chernobyl' is scarier than most horror movies in that it is a dramatization of actual, real-life horror experienced by thousands of people on that fateful April 1986 morning and the years that followed. This disaster has haunted the nation, Europe, and the rest of mankind more than three decades later. And that creeping dread permeates the whole show. It's difficult to watch. But it certainly makes it a must-watch. The first episode somehow surpassed my expectations for what this TV Show would do with the biggest nuclear disaster ever!
Without giving any spoilers besides the obvious, the cinematic quality is unbelievable! I found myself looking at many transition scenes with disbelief, a complete state of shock- that's how good the first episode of HBO's mini-series "Chernobyl" was!
The writing wasn't LEGENDARY but it was great, but most importantly, consistent! Every actor did an amazing job at portraying each character and their feelings, which ultimately, led to a even greater ambience.
When the episode ended, I was left with a feeling like if I was in Chernobyl! I felt like I was contaminated by radiation. Although that might sound silly, I really felt unwell after watching "Chernobyl"! That just shows how incredibly effective the first episode was on displaying the horrific events that took place in Chernobyl, and how many lives were absolutely destroyed and affected following the disaster. So far, a must-watch! What is so terrifying is it's not trying to be a horror programme, it's what actually happened. It's not gratuitous... it's what happened. And it's scarier than any horror movie I could ever call to mind. There are scenes where my blood ran cold, where I felt queasy but most of all I was just horrified by the scenes that depicted those first on the scene. You always look for the helpers in any disaster. But what if the disaster overcomes the helpers. What if even the strongest of us are no match for the horrific event. It's almost unthinkable. But it happened here. This will stick with you long after the credits roll. As it should. In terms of series expression, it moves on in a style that we can call "documentary-drama". But there is a serious scenario success here. The visual and verbal emotions of the series we watch are sometimes causing anxiety, sometimes causing anger and sometimes we cannot prevent our eyes from being moistened. The gloomy atmosphere of the Soviets is very well reflected. The background music supports this. It has a cinematic narrative. You feel the catastrophe up to your buttonhole. Nevertheless, acting certainly takes the business to a much higher level. Chernobyl is now at the top of the "Top Rated TV Shows" list in IMDb. This is a significant improvement, even if you are a person who does not consider the IMDb score very much. Such a great success in a short time... It really deserves a round of applause. 10/10 I'm Russian, my father went to Chernobyl as a physicist quite a while after the explosion (a few years). However, he is still shocked of what he has seen over there. I think he will love this TV series...<br/><br/>Anyway, I want to say that this is incredible. I've seen just two episodes and I can't find words to describe how emotionally deep is this film... The details of the Soviet life that are shown in this TV series are incredible. I can't imagine how hard was it to get to this level. It must have been a deep research with tons of interviews. Besides the details, the filmmaking and the music - absolutely unbelievable. Thank you for this. This is one of the best things I've ever seen in my life. "What is the cost of lies?". This question is definitive for understanding "Chernobyl" mini-series.<br/><br/>I was a kid living near Pryp'iat' when the forth nuclear reactor exploded. Both of my parents worked at that Nuclear Power Plant. My sister went to school in Pryp'iat' on April 26, 1986. Nobody told us nothing about the danger. Moreover, those, who wanted to leave Pryp'iat' for personal reasons weren't allowed to do so. Only after more than 36 hours after the disaster, on sunny Sunday evacuation begun. We were told that the evacuation is only a "temporally measure" and that we will come back to our homes on the next day, after they'll "clean up" Pryp'iat'. Well, more than 30 years have passed since that promise. They told us nothing about the level of radiation, neither gave us potassium iodide. My parents, who went back as so-called "liquidators" told me that even in the May of 1986 they were deceived about the radioactivity level and didn't receive potassium iodide. Most of their colleagues are dead by now. There were lie everywhere and about everything.<br/><br/>The mini-series nailed most of that lies and show its consequences. The criminal and cowardice nature of the soviet government, the incompetence and fear of big and small "bosses" without proper education, but with big ambitions. The fear and meanness of careerists with black souls, ready to lie to the last and easily sacrifice others. Especially easily such liars are willing to sacrifice others. The conscript soldiers and reservists (which were called "partisans" by liquidators) who were sent to the roof to clear it from graphite are mostly dead by now. These "bio-robots" were sometimes misused, worked over the "safe" time, sent back more and more. Such dehumanization is terrifying. Evacuated people not only lost their homes and all their previous lives - they were doomed to diseases and "stigmatization" by society. Their lives were divided on "before" and "after" the disaster. In the May, 1986 along the roads near Pryp'at' lay a lot of shot dogs - it was heartbreaking to see, my mother recalls. She was looking for our dog among those dead bodies.<br/><br/>This is the real cost of lies. "The real danger is that if we hear enough lies, then we no longer recognize the truth at all". Soviet atmosphere and life recreated as thoroughly as possible. Total lies, cowardice, incompetence and inhumanity of the system and its functionaries evoke memories and is as frighten as a revived corpse enchanted by necromancers from HBO. Craig Mazin has created a spiritualistic seance under the guise of the mini-series. The degree of immersion and horror is amazing. No horror film is capable of what reality is capable of. Musical accompaniment, background noises, absurdity and madness of what is happening on the screen, the doom of the performers of someone else's will, going to suffering and death. And the total lie of all and about everything. All of these shown by wonderful actors cast, with tense dramatization, perfect ambient sounds and music. Deep and haunting show, with excellent balance between staying true to the real story and keeping audience in suspense despite the fact that we all know how the story ends.<br/><br/>The whole soviet system was build on lies, on denial of truth. All we are eager to believe in convenient lies rather than to accept painful truth. And sooner or later such ignorance of reality inevitably leads us to collision with it - the real world reminds about itself ruthlessly to those, who are willing to live in dreams instead of reality. But when the lies became building material for the whole political system, the manifestation of truth can became catastrophic. Truth is like radiation - it is invisible and you can easily deny its existence until you begin to vomit and die from radiation sickness or, if "lucky", from cancer.<br/><br/>P.S. Some commentators complains about the absence of "Russian language" are ridiculous - locals spoke Russian at best with their national accents. In small villages locals spoke Ukrainian or Belorussian or mixed both languages. Thereby one essential factor was missed in the mini-series. As liquidators joked with grim humor, in Pryp'iat' Moscow wanted to extinguish all the national minorities - in 1986 conscripts from Latvia were "thrown" to Pryp'iat', in 1987 - conscripts from Central Asia. The local population were Ukrainian with nearby Belorussians. Moscow didn't care much, because population of Russia did not suffer at all in a result of that stupid experiment conducted by the order of Moscow bosses on the reactor designed with engineering miscalculations. When it exploded, mostly Ukrainians and Belorussians suffered, with other national minorities sent there as conscripts.<br/><br/>P.P.S. "You will know the truth, and the truth will set you free" (John 8:32). Or you may live in lies, in illusions, slave of fear, and truth will truly crush you. Everyone decide for themselves. Grim is an understatement.<br/><br/>This is one of the very few shows that I'd bless with a ten star.<br/><br/>It is subtle considering the subject but at the same time does not flinch in away from the harsh and immediate reality.<br/><br/>I'll never love this show but I will forever have had my eyes opened by it.<br/><br/>Shame on the Heathen that gave it 6/10 because of the English accents. 30th of April, 1986, was a cloudless, sunny day in southern Poland. I was 13 years old, and went to school as everyday. Just before noon teachers started running, closing all doors and windows, and telling us to stay inside, that the air is radioactive. One hour later we were given Lugol's iodine (still remember its awful taste). There was discussion if we can safely go home. No one knew any details. Composition of beautiful weather and gloomy atmosphere was unreal. Years later, I know what was happening in the background. In morning hours of April 28th one of the stations of Polish Central Laboratory for Radiation Protection (CLRP) in northeast Poland measured radiation exceeding normal level half million times.Two hours later they knew it was reactor explosion, somewhere. Government crisis meeting took all 28th/29th night. Polish prime minister called his Russian counterpart, only to hear he "knows nothing" about any nuclear accident. By 3am "Polish Legasov", prof. Zbigniew Jaworowski from CLRP was called to join the meeting, and he achieved impossible - convinced Polish communists that the worst should be expected. They decided to give iodine to all children and suspend production of milk and vegetables countrywide, starting from the next day (east part of the country first).
Chernobyl - I've never written movie review. I've never seen such an accurate depiction of how communist country operates. How it looks. I was literally time-traveled over 30 years back. Incredible. 100/10. You know what is most chilling (for me)? 33 years ago communist Polish government, by some miracle, managed to react in relatively short time. Today - it's impossible. There are no iodine stockpiles. The network of Polish CLRP's 140 measuring stations was dismantled. What about other countries? I don't know, but...
Last remark - my grandmother died in early 1987. Rapidly developing thyroid cancer. What exactly caused it? I guess I'll never know. This will go down in history. This will be shown in schools. Truly shocking and extremely realistic. And that's coming from an ex-Soviet citizen. I was amazed how detailed everything was, even the representation of the evil Soviet regime. Totally on point. And that was just the first episode, can't wait for more. Just finished the first episode. I was waiting for this miniseries for quite some time. It is very well directed (no background music or anything superfluous to heighten the tension). The broad themes are: the disaster itself, people (firefighters, engineering staff) behind the disaster and the state apparatus that is refusing to come to terms with the disaster. Acting is very realistic and to the point. Cinematography is great and you can feel being in the 1980s Ukraine. Only two episodes in, and I'm totally hooked. Hard to believe that these things actually took place, and only 35 years ago. It's really quite frightening. Fans of bio-disaster films such as "Contagion" and "Outbreak" will be instant fans, but to be honest, "Chernobyl" offers something much more than others have within this sub-genre. The political and non-fiction elements give it a leg up, and the acting from Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard is excellent as usual. If the rest of this series follows suit, then this is something that you're not gonna want to miss. I work as an apprentice within the nuclear industry and I have to say without a doubt that this was the most horrifying thing I have watched in a long time. This isn't due to fact that the show is actually scary per say but it's is because the whole thing is true. This actually happened. Apart of my course so far has been learning about chernobyl so I know in detail the progression of these events and even still I was shocked the way that the show demonstrated how ignorant and naiive they where to what had actually happened.<br/><br/>As far as the show goes the way it is desplayed on screen is mesmerising I can't even begin to imagine how it felt being there at the time wondering what was actually going on but I believe this show is as close a representation as we will get. The acting is excellent you almost forget you are watching a show as the reactions and emotions displayed feel incredibly genuine and beleiveable.<br/><br/>The science included is spot. From my knowledge of how they understood nuclear physics and radiation almost 40 years ago this is very well done whoever was part of the research team was no doubt a veteran within the nuclear industry and it shows as I cannot fault any of the information that is passed across and it is done so in a fair amount of detail.<br/><br/>Overall this is an excellent show so far and I can only imagine it will get better as it goes on and without a doubt will shine a light on the tragic events of what is easily the greatest human error of modern times. I highly recommend this to anyone who is unaware of the consequences of this event and hopefully this will showcase the safety precautions it had inflicted upon the modern nuclear industry as that is just as important as showing what went wrong. I am from Minsk, Belarus, same as Ulana Khomyuk from the Chernobyl series. At the time of the Chernobyl catastrophe I was eleven, a fifth-grader at school. One day at the end of April, or it might be early May, I came back home after classes and saw my mother, who was a radiologist, talking on the phone to somebody very gravely. As soon as I opened the door with my key on a strap that we used to wear around necks, and stepped in, my mother asked me covering the telephone reciever with one hand if it was raining outside. I said it was drizzling a bit in the morning. She told me to immediately go and wash my hair, and so I did. Then she poured milk into a mug, added three drops of iodine and said that I had to drink that. I remember asking her if iodine was edible, and she just said that's what she was instructed to do by a friend. I drank it. Still my mum couldn't explain anything clearly, so I felt quite unaware of what was happening for quite a long time unti bits and pieces of what had happened started to unwrap after the collapse of the USSR.
When I got older I read Svetlana Alexievich's Voices from Chernobyl/Chernobyl Prayer. It was a very hard and slow read as the stories told were horrifying. And now this series, four episodes of which I binge-watched yesterday, took me back to the eighties in the Soviet Belarus. I recognize everything in this half-docu, although I've never been to Pripyat. My mom is originally from a small town on the Dnieper - the mouth of the Pripyat river - in the Gomel region in the south of Belarus, and we used to visit it every year before the Chernobyl. Then we stopped, as we felt scared and cautious, and I went there again only when I was an adult. The series left me in tears. It all looks even more frightning than we could imagine. The course of events is being told quite clearly and accurately from what I've known. The actors look pretty Russian/Belarusian/Ukranian to me, and all the locations - from the regional hospitals and the nuclear plant interior to Minsk and Moscow administrative buildings and science institutions look very authentic and detectable. Ulana Khomyuk migh be a fictional character, but there was indeed such a character - Vassili Nesterenko, a Soviet and Belorusian physicist and a former director of the Institute of Nuclear Energy at the National Academy of Sciences of Belarus (1977-1987) who informed the first secretary of the Communist Party of Belarus Nikolai Slunkov (whose BD is on April 26 by coincidence) that the dosimeters showed the elevated dose of ionizing radiation. Nesterenko also was one of the liquidators of the Chernobyl accident anc the aftermath - he threw liquid nitrogen containers from a helicopter on the burning reactor core. To do this he had to move into the middle of radioactive smoke. Despite the heavy radioactive contamination of the area, Vassili Nesterenko survived (he died in 2008). However, three out of the four passengers of his helicopter died from radioactive irradiation and contamination.
And one more fact: the literal translation of Chernobyl (Chernaya Byl) is The Black True Tale. I was born in Ukraine, 1971. Parents - Soviet "intelligentsia": mother was a high school teacher, father - medical doctor in the military. By the time it happened, we lived near one of the strategic nuclear missile site deep in Siberia. Every year, during the summer school break we used to go to Ukraine, where we spent most of vocation. It should have been the same in 1986, but Chernobyl happened. Official info reiterated that there is nothing to worry about, unless you are in the vicinity of reactor itself. But we all had learned to read between the lines and my farther used his military channels to find out EXACTLY what kind of catastrophe was taking place. He had some info from KGB guys themselves. However, he was reassured that Kiev and certain parts of Ukraine was free of the nuclear fallout and the level of the radioactivity was within normal urban level. He was also clearly warned where NOT TO GO under any circumstances: North-West of Ukraine and big part of Belarus was a heavy fall-out zone. They also mentioned some European countries. Needless to say, that nobody else was talking about this on TV. We made a decision not to change our plans for the summer, but keep in mind those warnings.Each of us had DKP-50A - dosimeter that measures the exposure dose of gamma radiation. We checked the data afterwards and all measures were withing normal limits or less. I remember though, that it was restricted to collect mushrooms or wild berries in the forests anywhere in Ukraine. Any dusty environment was considered dangerous. All water wells were sealed with plastic etc etc
Mini series exceeded my expectations. Authors put quite an effort to correctly depict intricate details of this catastrophe. As other reviewers already mentioned, I had noticed so far ( 3 episodes) only minor discrepancies in the overall image of the life in the USSR. People, behavior, political relations etc. Example of such a minuscule inaccuracy - officials, let along common folks, didn't use "comrade" as frequently as it might seems from the episodes. It was very formal, official form of addressing. Usually, after first meeting, they addressed each other by the first AND middle name. In the military it was different - "comrade" + rank (as in modern Russia, BTW). I'm looking forward to see the rest.
I am thankful to the authors and actors for their job.
My deep bow to those who lost their lives and health, saving millions of lives.
EVERYONE should watch this show and see for himself the kind of horror that can be unleashed in the nuclear war. My parents were located 120 miles north of the accident. Before any word got out, they told me they remember seeing a film of dust in the sky. Little after that - when word got out, everyone in schools - jobs - work, was told to drink iodine pills daily.
It's crazy to see the accuracy of this show. I watched it with my parents and their eyes started to water because to this day they cannot believe this happened. It's the only show that leaves me wanting more. I'm happy they are only making 5 episodes, that can only mean this show was meant to show the accuracy, and nothing more. No hollywood BS.. no 'monsters' (chernobyl diaries), just straight facts. The acting of this show is mentally insane - you literally feel like youre not watching a show , but youre literally there. HBO has created a masterpeice, and I'm glad more people will realize what Chernobyl is. I'm surprised about how many people dont even know about it. So, thank you HBO for making this GEM. I am Russian. I was 16 when this happened. First few days, we, who lived far from Chernobyl, did not care a lot. There were no real information. Just some "accident". Nobody worried. Them, rumors started spreading. Western radio stations transmitted more accurate information. Finally, officials had to admit the horrible facts. And that was beginning of the real "Glasnost" in the USSR, eventually, beginning of its end. My father was among people who were called to Chernobyl. Few years ago he had cancer. Now in remission. God bless him and all others for saving lives of millions, sacrificing their own.<br/><br/>I don't bother any British accent, like some critics. They speaking to my heart on the language of my heart.<br/><br/>Repeating here title of the first episode: "Vechnaya Pamyat" This is a heartbreaking story based on true events and people's memories of the 1986 nuclear disaster known as Chernobyl. Aside from the fatalities and severely disabled victims many people died due to lies and cover up activities in the Soviet Union. Poor minded politicians and engineers sacrificed truth to the fate of thousands of victims.<br/><br/>HBO did a great job in revealing this great world sorrow. This TV series allows viewers to look into the Soviet political regime riddled with freedom of information restrictions. Any governmental mistakes and accidents immediately were became highly confidential material, creating an excellent this manipulation of mass consciousness. "Chernobyl" explicitly demonstrates how misinformation and false statements put in jeopardy the health and life of millions of innocent people and wildlife.<br/><br/>This show allows the audience to feel the volume of grief and mourning of those families who lost their children, husbands and other families members due to this tragic event. The most heartbreaking dramatization in the first episode is the dialog between dispatchers. That dialog in Russian with English subtitles on the black screen and red text signals that everything has been started and nobody knows yet the consequences of the nuclear accident.<br/><br/>This TV series is a form of dedication to all of those people who risked and sacrificed their lives to save the lives of others. It is possible that the airing of "Chernobyl" will bring world-wide attention to the impact of a nuclear energy disaster on human society. Some people will be taught first aid tips in the event of radiation exposure: move underground, remove contaminated cloth, wear a respiratory mask, have KI (potassium iodide) to block absorbed radioactive elements in the human body. Many people died, however, the TV memory of these events gives powerful recognition to the truth of what happened and what we have learned. I watched a lot of material on this matter, and living all my life in post-soviet Ukraine, I was struck by how well they recreated the atmosphere of the soviet town and attention given to details. Not to mention excellent actor performance. It is dark, and almost hard to watch but so was the real story. Highly recommend, top! Easily the best miniseries I have seen. Beautifully shot and written. The accuracy is absolutely impeccable, I am currently studying as a nuclear engineer. The series makes you feel like you are there, at one point I could even feel my face warming watching some of the brave people trek through the reactor building. I would also recommend the Chernobyl Podcast afterwards if you want to learn more about the production. After seeing the first episode of Chernobyl I feel contaminated by radiation. Stating, acting, photography ... everything is amazing. We go through a lot of emotions, but the ones that dominate are disgust, horror and sadness. Absolutely brilliant. So far, the show has been amazing!! As a scientist who is fascinated with nuclear physics/chemistry, ionizing radiation and a voracious reader of anything dealing with atomic sciences, I knew I would love it immediately. I want others to know just how accurate the series tries to portray what actually happened - it is the closest thing so far made. The creators did extensive research to try and show just how messed up the Chernobyl accident was. I try and read anything that discusses this topic, and have read most things, and the level of detail is phenomenal. I highly suggest anyone curious about Chernobyl to watch this, pronto. They say reality is far more horrifying than fiction, this proves it. I grew up in soviet Russia, born in 1977 and this is incredibly accurate. Starting with the explosion, the incident itself, the way soviet politicians and the media handled (covered) it - and ending with all the little tiny details.<br/><br/>I would never expect a Western TV show to go to this amount of detail portraying life in the soviet era. AND being so brutally honest about the accident itself. Also no fluff, no pathos, and no stereotypes like "Russian bears with kalashnikovs playing balalaikas on Red Square" - just brutal truth.<br/><br/>Thank you for that<br/><br/>Born in 1977 I still have vivid memories about the catastrophe, and everything - and I mean everything - in this show has been incredibly authentic. And mesmerizing. This thing keeps you on the edge of your seat and coming back to the real world after watching an episode is like waking up - "wait, what? where am I?"<br/><br/>P.S. I remember watching the news with my mom that day. The anchor briefly mentioned something about a "minor incident with 7 people injured in the fire". Then within weeks rumors have spread (rumors, not the official news), that the whole town of Pripyat is being evacuated. And we better keep our windows shut. Or better yet spend the summer somewhere far East.<br/><br/>I also remember that "chernobyl liquidator" was like a badge of honor for decades in Russia, Belarus, Ukraine and the whole Eastern-European "block", both officially and informally. These people were really honored. If you hear someone's a "chernobyl liquidator" - you give up your seat on the bus. You give way in the waiting line. I mean the whole waiting line just silently moves over, and one person walks in (which always made them shy).<br/><br/>P.P.S. I also wish some of the younger Russians see this show and stop effing romanticizing soviet era. You guys have no idea. Oh God. It's stunning. I'm impressed. Good job HBO. Getting from Russia. Just watched the first episode easily the best programme this year. And the bloke who gave it 1 star are you watching the same programme? I remember how it happened. I remember that soldiers were sent and first there were reports about fire, but not about nuclear disaster. I thought then, strange, why there are sending soldiers if it is just fire. But in the USSR soldiers were just disposable, obedient slaves. First on TV they were talking about cleaning the mess, they were showing soldiers actually cleaning the territory with shovels, raising all radioactive dust from the ground. I remember that they were repeating on TV that everything is under control... Fear of KGB was extreme. Pretty well depicted in this show. That was an amazing cinematic experience that one can relish in the small screen, a true masterpiece destined to be considered a modern classic in the years to come. At first I was reluctant to watch "Chernobyl" as I'm a fiction fan rather than an true crime aficionado, nevertheless after the first ten minutes in the first episode I was literally glued to my seat and I binge-watched all five episodes in one evening. In my opinion it is one of the best television productions ever, setting its own distinctive mark that other creators are deemed to follow in the future.<br/><br/>I knew very little about the actual incident and after watching "Chernobyl" I can honestly say that I have a thorough picture of both the event and its cataclysmic aftermath. For the record, the Chernobyl disaster is considered to be the worst nuclear accident in the human history. It happened on 26 April 1986 at the No. 4 nuclear reactor in the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant, near the city of Pripyat in the north of the Ukrainian SSR. Ukraine was still a part of the Soviet Union and the reaction from the authorities was not at all satisfying, as depicted and clearly criticized in the series. The President of the USSR at the time, Mikhail Gorbachev (played here by the popular Danish actor, David Dencik, struggled to contain the incident and started to take decisions rather too late when the whole world knew the extent of the disaster. The town of Pripyat was evacuated in a hasty and disorganized way and, most of all, far too late. Nowadays, the town stands as it was left at the time, in a way reminiscent of Pompei.<br/><br/>The main protagonists are Valery Legasov (Jared Harris), a Russian nuclear scientist who was an expert on the RBMK reactors, Boris Shcherbina (Stellan Skarsgård), a career politician and senior member of the Kremlin and Ulana Khomyuk (Emily Watson), a Ukrainian nuclear scientist who joined the other two, trying to limit as far as it was possible the terrifying effects of the explosion. All performances are top-notch with Skarsgård delivering one of his best acting achievements ever in the television. The photography of the series stands a level -or two- above anything I've seen in TV shows so far, and the viewer feels like inhabiting the horror of the setting. The series was shot mainly in Lithuania to the decommissioned power plant Ignalina which bears resemblance to the Chernobyl plant. The representation of the life in the 80s in the Soviet environment is so realistic that we can almost experience it ourselves.<br/><br/>I read on some of the - mostly raving- reviews that a small part of the audience found the ending to be a bit underwhelming, but I think that it was the most suitable finale in this bleak, tragic story. The courtroom scene explains everything even to the most ignorant viewer while it offers some a sense of justice. The open declaration of the truth by Valery Legasov, that finally leads to his own demise some months later, is the best conclusion that one can imagine for a show of this stature and I cannot think of something more appropriate.<br/><br/>"Chernobyl" is a show that you will never forget. The first episode, which is perhaps the best of the show, is genuinely horrifying and the sequence with the two scientists hovering above the exposed reactor is destined to haunt you forever. Sometimes the reality is more petrifying that the most well-crafted horror fiction stories. Do yourselves a favor and indulge in this five-hour trip that will leave you numb and full of contradicting feelings. This is a solid 10/10. It's not often I watch something that leaves me utterly speachless but Chernobyl, like Schindler's List, left me without words. 2nd episode and this series has already jumped to the top 10 of best TV shows on IMDB! And rightly so! I am blown away by the realism, the subtle yet powerful acting, the gripping atmosphere of almost unbearable dread. Incredible!
I was born in 1979 in Czechoslovakia and I can say I've never seen a more accurate 1980's socialist look and feel in film or TV (outside of the actual 1980s), not even in Czech or Slovak films. They got the look so right, I am getting flashbacks to my childhood. I almost can't believe 2 westerners wrote and directed this series.
I can't wait for the next episode! I have watched all TV shows you can think of. At least the best you can think of. This is mind-blowing. Highly recommended!<br/><br/>This story was waiting to be told for such a long time!<br/><br/>I was born in Belarus and being a little girl in an elementary school I remember this horrifying time. Our history teacher came to class that day and tried to explain what's happened crying without stop. It was first time in my life I saw man crying.<br/><br/>I'd like to give big Thanks to the entire production team for such an incredible authentic work, outstanding acting by all and truthfulness throughout the entire story. The creators deserve recognition and awards for such a high level impressive storytelling. Everything from the set design to showing how the Soviet regime was functioned...<br/><br/>After the first episode my family and I force ourselves to watch the second episode because it is terrifying, realistic and we feel every moment as we are there in Chernobyl.<br/><br/>No one can bid this even a local productions from Post-Soviet States will not be able to create something similar to this.<br/><br/>Best of the best TV Shows!!!! I thought I became victim to the low attention span generation, I struggle to get past 2 episodes of most box sets and films rarely do I finish so I put a nail in the coffin of entertainment... Chernobyl is glorious! I can not pull myself away from the screen and I now understand my entertainment diet wasn't good enough. There are only a hand full of good shows out there true to the word 'entertainment' and this is apart of that squad. Watch it. I'm Polish, I was 8 years old when that happened. Me and all my classmates were forced to take Lugol's iodin before fallout hit the Poland. I remember that dreary atmosphere. Polish officials and doctors then were the only in Central Europe, who didn't listen to Moscow but took own action to protect people. Polish air forces were flying along the soviet border to measure cloud contamination. All kids in Poland below the age of 17 took Lugol's iodin right after disaster. Aftermath: in 1987 Poland scrapped plans to build own nuclear power plant and never back to idea.<br/><br/>This miniserie is absolutely outstanding. It's almost semidocument. Please, check also "Chernobyl Prayer: A Chronicle of the Future" by Svetlana Alexievich. The story of the fireman's wife is in this book. I'm truly enjoying watching this series! For me, as a Russian, it's evident that HBO made an enormous job. Everything is almost on a top level - acting, filming... Historical accuracy is generally preserved. IMHO, this picture is evolving in a very right direction. This is what the Chernobyl Disaster really was: a true story about people sacrifice for saving the humanity from the one side and an agony of slowly dying State from the other. At the moment this show is perfectly ballanced. The thing appeared to be much more realistic that I'd expect, especially from the western studio. I wish that next episodes will keep up the standarts. The mankind mustn't forget about this event. Go watch this series and you won't regret it althought it's sometimes hard to handle.
Overall, I'm deeply impressed and really thankful. I would suggest adding Horror to the genre of this TV series cause I felt very scared and uncomfortable watching it . Terrifying, outstanding & heartbreaking all at once! I'm born in Bulgaria in 1979. I was 6, 1st grade at the school (we had this experiment back then going to school at six), preparing for the manifestation on May 1st. The obligatory one that forced you to march and wave to the heads of the Party, surrounded by communism symbols. We had the mummy of the forst Comintern head in a mausoleum back then.<br/><br/>The Communist party kept it quiet. They didn't tell us it happened. We ate fresh radioactive Lettuce. We drank the radioactive milk. Played under the rain. At least they gave us Iodine pills.<br/><br/>And if my generation and my children would suffer from it, it's because of the communists and how they totalitarian states worked.<br/><br/>I know modern westerners sometimes romanticize the life under Soviet or satellite regimes. So do the apologists, and the nostalgists, the Russian chauvinists. But it was like that. Look at the North Korea. If you like it - please jump on the next plane and... oh, wait... Been at the sight, read all there was to read , watched all the documentaries out there.<br/><br/>The aspect of this mini series and it's execution ... flawless, and worth of my first review.<br/><br/>An absolute must see! I've seen all the documentaries - so I knew most of the history of the event ....Nothing prepared me for the visual horror , the totally immersive details ....I thought after the initial shock of Ep 1. that the rest of the series would only dissipate in intensity...WRONG ...Ep3 had me sobbing.....no spoilers -
This is a must watch - If you can, view it at night or no lighting and good sound system - the music is absolutely haunting.... This is one of those cases, when you are looking at the screen and want to hug the creators after almost every scene. Many have rightfully pointed out the attention to detail. I was born in 1979 and it was an extremely realistic time travel experience for me, as I was a soviet kid of 80's. But what caught my attention the most is the depiction of human relationship. Since start of the first episode till the end of the currently shown (Ep2), those in charge and people around them act and interact in a very natural way. There is no pressure on acts and motivations, no exaggerated blaming and stupidity of actions for the sake of drama, just to add extra pressure and squeeze out emotions out of the audience. People are mostly organized, acts of heroism by volunteering to help, conversations - you instantly feel empathy, because it is extremely believable. Additional thanks for not going into unnecessary demonization of the Soviet state (so far). It was not the point of the story and thanks a lot for leaving this just as a background, leaving a mix of subtle hints of what it was for ordinary people to live in there. After first two eps I can say I'm blown away and impressed on so many levels. Bravo to production team and actors! This programme had me on the edge of my seat. What an absolute tragedy The first episode kicks off without any dilemma and we the viewers are as much in the dark as the characters are. The full set is the exact replica of the original town of pripyiat, so detailings are absolutely brilliant. The not knowing of how this disaster will effect all the characters and then finding out one by one is really terrifying. Looks promising and since its a mini series the plot will not wonder off into the wilderness and stick to where it's supposed to. I'm quite hard to impress. When watching horror movies I rarely get scared or have nightmares. This miniseries made it into my dreams, not necessarily nightmares but it affected me so deeply that I go this day walk around thinking about this show. I intensely followed every move of the characters and felt for them. This show has given me so many emotions and I would recommend it to EVERYONE. I can rewatch it a million times and it never fails to impress me. Easily my new favorite mini series! It's gripping to say the least! Must watch!! Knowing how this ended (we all do), watching this was disturbing and terrifying. Made me angry at times and disturbed as well watching dead people standing having no clue. This was high quality. I will be back for more. If you were thinking of watching this with a glass of Chardonnay and an avocado salad,,, think again ;) I don't like writing long reviews, but let me just say that this show is one of the best. From the acting to the music, this was as good as it gets! This is true horror...and true horror is man! If we ignore the thing we do wrong, we will not be around for much longer. If we do not learn from our mistakes, they will come around and destroy us.<br/><br/>10/10 this is how you do it! Just finished episode 2. HBO & Sky have respectively told this story and it's making for horrifying but incredible television. How well the truth behind what happened is being delivered leaves you feeling emotionally unstable at the end of each episode.<br/><br/>The acting in it also, is absolutely unbelievable. In ep2 Stellan Skarsgaard made you feel the horror of what was occurring just by his facial expressions.<br/><br/>The whole set is perfect and the score on it is outstanding. I've seen a few people complain the actors speak with British accents but this makes it better for understanding all the hard facts and the scientific references.<br/><br/>This really is the best of television and how to tell a story perfectly however horrifying the truth is. I've been waiting for anything (anything other than documentaries or cheap fantasy) on Chernobyl for so long, the disturbing true events have always intrigued me & I'm a big fan of horror movies and everything else bleak, grim, eerie and otherwise dark. It's finally here - and it's real good.<br/><br/>Of course, this review, as for now, is based on the 1st episode. While I'm not exactly sure how much truth and how much fiction HBO's "Chernobyl" depicts (Based on my average Chernobyl knowledge it's pretty true) regarding the politics of it all, they've managed to create a plausible & devastating look at the catastrophe and the people in and around it. Production design is just spot-on, I'm very pleasantly surprised - trust me on this, I live in a country that used to be a part of soviet union up until 1991 (Latvia). Production value is also great, some top-notch cinematography right here. Pretty much everything - soundtrack, pacing, acting is on a high level & You can feel that there's some effort put in there. You might even respect it more when You discover that the creator & writer of this show has done nothing else but comedy & cheap spoofs. Maybe, just maybe, I was expecting a little more elevation of tension towards the end of the episode, but hey, there will be more! Awesome intro to these mini-series. Also, ever since horror TV-series "The Terror", I love Jared Harris!<br/><br/>The only bigger minus is that I have to wait a week for the next episode! Given the fact that it's a 5-episode event, seems to me that it could be a great binge, but... I'll wait impatiently. I'll update this review as more episodes come out. My rating after the 1st episode: A solid 9/10 and a hope for an over-all 10/10. From beginning to end I couldn't leave my seat for anything. Show captivates you from beginning to end. The lies and cover up of this cost so many lives. Amazing series so far. I can't wait for the next episode. This show however takes the cake in atmosphere, spoundtrack, setting, pacing, acting and cinematography.<br/><br/>That is not all though...there has rarely been a show that has filled me with a simultaneous sense of sorrow, horror and menace throughout its duration. Not only is this due to the disaster and the horrific impact it had on people but also to the suffocating beauracracy of the Soviet state. A state where people had been conditioned to stoically sacrifice themselves for the greater good.<br/><br/>The end of episode 3 left me in a state of dread & that hospital was a place of nightmares, even more so because it was true. I have seen many horror films and shows with brutal themes...but I found myself pausing in shock at witnessing the effects of radiation exposure on the human body.<br/><br/>This series is a slow burning existentential nightmare and well worth watching. I wrote a review before that this is a great series with great directing and acting but still a-bit over rated.<br/><br/>Well, I have watched the first 4 episodes. And god, this gave me chills!<br/><br/>This is one of the most horror series I have ever seen, without a single horror scene. The dialogues, directing, colors, drama, music, everything is giving me chills knowing that everything is a real story and the acting and directing made a tremendous job in delivering that to us in the perfect way.<br/><br/>I amended my rating to be from 8 to 10.<br/><br/>Thanks HBO for this. After just 2 episodes, I believe that this miniseries will become more than entertainment. It is SO accurate and realistic that it is frightening, and as such, a piece of history unfolding almost as it occurred before our very eyes.<br/><br/>I was a young woman when this happened, and, in my naïveté, I didn't realize just how earth shattering this event actually was. I had visited a nuclear power plant as a grad student, and, though I knew the basics of nuclear reactors, it just didn't sink In that an accident could actually end life on a global scale! I had great faith in the scientific world, and just believed they would find a way to stop it. Watching this now, I feel like an idiot!<br/><br/>As I watched episode 2, and heard those in charge denying what was happening to protect themselves from blame, it just boggles my mind! They were acting like the proverbial ostrich sticking their heads in the sand, believing that if they denied it, then it just wasn't happening! These men could have ended all life on this plant with those denials! We must be eternally grateful to the brave men who gave their lives to stop this disaster's ultimate climax, those brave scientists who wouldn't stop until they got people to listen, the first responders who ran to help, to the workers and scientists in other countries who realized what was happening and jumped into action and to the analysts who saw the satellite pictures of the destruction and brought the information to those who could help, and to the many nations that worked together to end the nightmare.<br/><br/>All this is beautifully depicted in this miniseries. And, I'm hooked! I can't wait to see the rest of the series.<br/><br/>Bravo to HBO, and all involved in the creation of this series, for reminding all of us just how close we came to killing our planet! Hopefully this will wake up today's ostriches and get them to pull their heads out of the sand and listen to the scientific community before we kill our planet through climate change and pollution!<br/><br/>Thank you, HBO! I'm a former firefighter, so I guess I identified with the initial crews that attended the 'roof on fire' that fateful night. The focus on Vasily, his young wife, his ARS (Acute Radiation Syndrome), his horrific fate, keep me awake at night... he lived, he was real and what happened to him was real.<br/><br/>The lack of Russian accents didn't bother me, I guess fear, horror and resignation to ones fate doesn't care what language you speak.<br/><br/>What is heartening is the reviews on here from people who were there, or in the Soviet system at the time, who can attest far better than I as to the authenticity of this production. If they endorse it, what more do you need? This series is a timetravel experience right back to the moment when the first major nuclear accident happened. My parents experienced the aftermath of these events in the nearby city of Kiev and said that the show has a great authenticity when it comes to bring back Soviet World of 1980ies back. The atmosphere is reminding you that radioactivity is a deadly threat you cannot see until you start suffering - in some parts the series like a great horror movie. The only slighlty negative thing I noticed was the strong british accent of some actors. Nonetheless a Must See, definitely. I am a user from Russia. I want to say many thanks to the creators of this series. Thank you for recreating the era of the USSR in such an atmospheric and detailed way. Thanks to the actors for their great game. Thanks to artists for the best atomosphere that I have seen in cinema. Thank you all so much. Captivating from the first moment, Chernobyl's Cherenkov radiation lights up the screen.<br/><br/>The craft on display here is of the first order - the cast is perfectly chosen, full of gravitas and portent, the mood is suitably dark but recognisably human, and the play of events nicely paced.<br/><br/>Though the events are well known the minutia is less so. The extent to which the tragedy could have been exponentially worse is frighteningly apparent as is the fact that there are heroes to be found everywhere.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is great TV, and an exposition of human frailty and sacrifice to boot. I can not overstate just how good Chernobyl really is! It's one of the best mini-series ever made, right up there with Band of Brothers! It absolutely lives up to all the hype and love it's gotten since it came out! It's one of the top rated shows ever for a reason... because it's fantastic! If you haven't seen this amazing series yet then make sure you do as soon as possible! Spectacular HBO mini-series!
Not only for the superb direction, soundtrack and cast which are undoubtedly excellent, but mainly for the emotions which causes. The fear, the sadness and the terror are so authentic.
Moreover, Chernobyl provided me the opportunity to learn a lot about the disaster of 1986. I wasn't aware of many aspects of such tragedy, e.g. the government's resolution which raised the level of tolerated radiations by humans in order to reduce the hospitalization flows. Or that they wrote a list with the guilty people of the explosion, and so on.. Such revelations shocked me, but not as much as the 4th episode. Damn, I was terrified by the killing of animals.
To sum up, it could be a very terrifying series, but I think that everyone should watch it to have just an idea of what really happened to Chernobyl in the not-so-far 1986. This series will open your eyes. Objectively the best mini-series ever made. This is Shindler's List level. It is the highest rated show ever for a reason. In fact, it would have had a 9.9 rating if not for the thousands of butthurt Russian propagandists collectively trying to downgrade this. This is my first review on a TV Series,Reality is the scariest genre of all! flawless. The show is amazing, but to completely understand why the writer and director, Craig Mazin, included some details, like the lady scientist, you need to listen to the HBO podcast about the show with him.<br/><br/>The woman depicts a huge number of scientists who were involved in the whole situation and the decision to make that character female was based on the position of the women in Soviet science, where they weren't a minority like in the western scientific communities. So no, the woman didn't exist, but her character represents all those persons that were real, but couldn't appear in the show, because of the time, production, story etc. limitations.<br/><br/>Do your homework before posting dumb reviews slamming this show for inaccuracy. Almost everyone has heard about Chernobyl disaster in 1986.
Why it's famous?
Well, it's the first, large scale nuclear disaster that left a scar on the civilization and casted a shadow over nuclear power plants. It's also famous due the fact that former USSR leaders managed to keep it "secret" and away from the West for almost three days until it was discovered by Sweden nuclear power plant. Unfortunately, the world was not aware of the price that Soviet Union people has paid to partially decontaminate and prevent larger tragedy.<br/><br/>It's stunning how many scenography details producers have manage to catch. Authentic vehicles, room interiors, clothing... As someone who grew up in a socialist country - that's it. Acting is also brilliant - there are no heroes - just people doing their job, fighting invisible and unrestrainable enemy. Fireman, NPP employees, soldiers... All of them rushing to fight of fire, and releasing in terror that the true menace is already out.<br/><br/>It's really hard to understand fear, despair, horror and helplessness - but this series is truly bringing this to your room. It will left you with a grim feeling - not just because how big the disaster was, but because how cheap people lives are.<br/><br/>Forget about games like S.T.A.L.K.E.R and everything else. This is the true horror, tragedy of the nation and the peak of the political arrogance. ... was this system really better than the czar??? Several people have mentioned how radiation sickness does not occur as fast as shown in episode one of the miniseries - the only thing I have to go on reviewing this - but I will give it that for dramatic license purposes. Other than that it really keeps you glued to your seat, especially if you can remember this incident when it happened, like I can.<br/><br/>The thing I took away is that everybody was so accustomed to playing "follow the leader" in the old Soviet Union that the leaders on the job at the power plant could only go by the playbook, and their charges were too entrenched in groupthink - and fear of reprisal - to do anything but what they were told although everything in their senses told them that something had gone terribly wrong that no book of procedures could handle. The members of the government were more concerned about how all of this would look to the central committee than anything else.<br/><br/>And then there are the images of children playing in "the snow" while their mothers look at the fire from the reactor in the distance, standing in "the snow" nearby. The snow being, of course, nuclear fallout. Almost everybody you meet in this episode is a dead person walking and either they don't know it yet or they can't imagine a disaster of the magnitude that is in progress.<br/><br/>The one thing that rather disrupted the illusion of the drama? Everybody is speaking with British accents. Nobody tries to speak with a Russian accent! It is almost like the film "The Death of Stalin" where you have a bunch of American actors who sound like - well - a bunch of American actors!<br/><br/>The accent business is only worth knocking off one star. I would still highly recommend it. It is the anatomy of a nightmare.<br/><br/>EDIT: After watching the first three episodes of this miniseries, I up my rating to 10. I withdraw my earlier desire for Russian accents and have decided that this would have been too Boris and Natasha. It is perfect as it is. Jared Harris as protagonist and nuclear physicist Valery Legasov is nailing the part of a man of science dealing with a government that is in the late stages of rotting from the inside out. Likewise Stellan Skarsgård is pitch perfect as the Soviet career party man who is the government representative sent to deal with the Chernobyl disaster. These two form an uneasy alliance as they have to deal with each other to deal with the disaster. I would mention everybody else specifically, but let's just say everybody nails it. And the score is haunting, a cross between the score of a horror film and a heartbeat. This is perfect television.<br/><br/>POSTSCRIPT:
Best line - Gorbachev to Legasov - "You made lava?"<br/><br/>Best character arc - Stellan Skarsgård's Boris Shcherbina as he transitions from the Soviet party man who thinks he can solve problems by threatening to throw people out of helicopters to someone who appreciates the beauty of a caterpillar. It is a horse race as to who gets the Emmy - him or Jared Harris, but my bet is on Skarsgård at this point. In the Ukrainian language, "Vichnaya Pamyat", means "eternal memory". I was surpriced, that showrunners, named last episode in transliteration, surpriced in good way. It reminds me my school years, my first school show, in 6th grade - about Chernobyl. I was stunned, back then. Every time I read, or watch, or listen about Chernobyl, I got emotional, just because I was young and also, because I was young, I didn't understand everything that happened in 1986. And last episode just reminds me why I should. For memory, for "pamyat".<br/><br/>And I'm thankfull to watch this. Because we still, living in the world, or better say "part of world", where truth is nothing more than a word.
Yesterday, 5 years old little boy, Ukrainian boy, died in clinic. He died because of two drunk policemen (and probably because of 14 years old son, of one of these cops) who had fun and kiled him with their gun. And you know what? The gun is oddly "disappered" and these mureders could get away with. But not this time, people won't let it happen. So you're wondering now, why I wrote about this kid? Because suffering. Common people always suffering because of authority. Like today, like 33 years ago. Same. But in some day, it will be changed. I believe in it. We will come for them, for every of them and they will pay. And the only way is - to remember. Remember everything, every insult, every tragedy and fight for the truth! That's how I felt when I ended up watching it, with much gratitude for those, who fought then, who gave me the opportunity to live freedom, healthy and I will remember it. I can't think of a better example in which a dramatized version of an historic event has been this trenchant. Every ominous scene is like a step closer to the unthinkable abyss that we all know is inevitable.<br/><br/>This was the very beginning of the end for the USSR, it had little to do with Captain Ronnie. The Soviet State was a rotting leviathan and Chernobyl was the most spectacular and horrifying testament to its absolute incompetence. I was living in Athens, Greece, at the time and remember vividly watching the reports of the disaster via Western news outlets as the Soviets didn't utter a word for quite a while.<br/><br/>So far, this series is even better than a documentary because it demonstrates the human aspect of those involved (the Ukrainians were just as much the victims of the Soviet State as everyone in the path of the nuclear cloud that enveloped much of Europe). The next cloud was lies heaped upon the disaster by the Central Committee which surely doomed thousands of citizens living near the plant.<br/><br/>Many people complain about the English accents of the actors. The series is in English, so either we have natural accents or stupid, phony Russian accents. The tv show really takes you back to the painful reality of that time. It makes you feel the horror of what really happen, the lives that were ruined in the name of the politics. I've been anticipating this portrayal of a true story for months with the trailers that play so often on HBO & it was well worth the wait! Very intense throughout, the cinematography is amazing and so is the acting! Quite a powerful scary look at what it'd be like if a factory has an explosion. Also the other review on here is great; requiem is a cool witty word for the events; I'm kinda quirky. Horrifying, cry making, truth telling mini series, which will stay in my mind forever.<br/><br/>Born and living in Poland, I was 1.5yo when it happened, so I have no memory about the event. However, all my life have I heard lots of stories from my parents how they learned about Chernobyl disaster, that we all were advised to take iodine pills, that we were not allowed to go outside for a while. Never have I heard though about casualties and noone ever painted such an ugly picture about this as it really was.<br/><br/>I don't think that anyone in Poland except scientists took it too seriously - it happened far away eventually, and I'm not sure anyone thought about water contamination or wind, or how it can affect whole generations. The knowledge about nuclear power was limited to some people only. That is also the reason why this series is so important!<br/><br/>The other thing was regime's reaction. This is so well-presented (and consider that Gorbachev was quite open minded comparing to others!). The sad thing is that I'm pretty sure that governments of many countries in today's world would react similarly and would try to hide it... (My country included).<br/><br/>All in all, the story, the acting, the facts accordance - every single minor and major detail deserves the highest rating. It is now impossible for me to rate 10 any fiction series after seeing this one... Only based on facts ones, but my expectations are now orbiting satellites in another Galaxy. I'm hooked, I remember when this happened. The cover up, The lies, The devastating effect on the whole world. That Country would never make their own true account of what really happened. That's why the English accent I can't believe that the official death toll still stands at 31.... That is the hardest thing to understand having watched the first 2 episodes of this drama. I understand that we may never know the true numbers of those that died as a direct or indirect result. But, this series is certainly not shying away from depicting the horror of what happened and the subsequent government cover-up. The acting from all involved so far has been top-notch and whilst not exactly an easy watch, I am looking forward to seeing how the rest of the series plays out. Another success story from HBO in my opinion. I think they all deserve an Oskar for such performance. This show should be put in the national curriculum so the younger generation can learn so much from it and never forget what communism, sloppiness, greed, bad leadership and, most of all, the complete disregard for human life can literally destroy this planet, and we only got one, this one. I had watched the first 3 episodes as they were released, then I decided to wait until all 5 episodes were out. I just watched all 5 back to back and wow, the tension and truths just keep building in this spectacular series! I especially found the "Inside Episode__" after each episode helpful for reminding me that most characters were an amalgamation of many people who actually acted in those roles, some who believed the lies and some who went against "the party line" in their search for truth. The repercussions of both directions may ultimately lead to personal annihilation.<br/><br/>I understand that Russia is angry about this portrayal and will be making their own documentary of Chernobyl. It will be interesting to watch that one, too.<br/><br/>This series combines excellent acting, great cinematography and a dynamic script that doesn't bog down. It is probably the best portrayal of Chernobyl I've seen---and this has been an interest of mine for many years. I think in many ways it is also a measure of political systems: The preponderance of lies at the top to keep the commoners focused on doing nothing but believing those lies.<br/><br/>Legasov's final words? "To be a scientist is to be naÃ¯ve. We are so focused on our search for truth, we fail to consider how few actually want us to find it. But it is there, whether we see it or not, whether we choose to or not. The truth doesn't care about our needs or wants. It doesn't care about our governments, our ideologies, our religions. It will lie in wait for all time. And this, at last, is the gift of Chernobyl. Where I once would fear the cost of truth, now I only ask: What is the cost of lies?" The tension is unreal, and the scenes so well show.<br/><br/>Surpassed even my best expectations. Than i watched them in a marathon. Im a Turkish guy born in 1980. I was 6 years old when this happened. It was all over the tv, Turkey's northern ( where they grow all the foo() side was affected from the fall out. Unfortunately minister of commerce in Turkey urged us to consume these produces on live tv. They said there is nothing to be afraid of. They even stopped researches of radiation poisoning in Turkey. Turkey has never had a communist regime. But it was no different than Russia.
I only knew the Turkish side of the story. I researched the topic in the past, but just read about the facts, i never read anything about the human factor. Just finished the whole tv series. It gave me goose bumps. Highly recommend to watch. Reading the Ukrainian and Belarus people's comments here are heartbroken. Hope you all are well and healthy.
Hopefully this tragedy never will happen.... The second episode has solidified my trust in this miniseries! Amazing acting, direction, mood, tension, horror, and it skillfully attempts to recreate the events as they happened while drawing light on those responsible, as well as the people who risked their lives to save millions. Just finished watching... not sure if speechless is the right word. I was on the edge of my seat from beginning to end. In my opinion this is a MUST WATCH. A must watch mini web series. Great performances. Greatly presented. It will surely give you a chill. It will give you different view of the Unfortunate Chernobyl disaster. You are going to realise what a big human mistake looks like and what it costs. I had heard about Chernobyl right from my childhood but never got such a perspective. The main thing about this series is that it is going to make you give a thought about how and what our governments can do to hide their misdeeds. It will definitely change your attitude towards your respective governments. So please watch. The best miniseries i ever have seen!It is the Biggest man made disaster! Its scary how this makes you feel like your living through this disaster This was so good that I have watched it now more than once.<br/><br/>Excellent acting across the board, and the story is well-paced and generally focuses on the most interesting and relevant parts of this incredible story.
It manages to balance the facts and scientific explanations very well against the human side of the story, so that the story feels informative, real, emotive and engaging, yet steers clear of excess melodrama (mostly).<br/><br/>There was one obvious miss though. I removed one star because of the unnecessarily over-long segment about shooting dogs, which was the only section of this whole drama that I felt was clearly "screen-written". It felt like cheap and totally unnecessary emotional manipulation. You can fast forward this entire section and not miss it at all, which is what I did on my second viewing.<br/><br/>In my view, if that entire superfluous section was simply edited out entirely this would be almost perfect television. This Miniseries clearly explains u each & every bids of Chernobyl disaster. It explains how it works, how disaster occurred, how people are affected, how they controlled it, wat price they payed to control it, results of the disaster, etc.,etc.... It creates a fear in u,wat if our nearby nuclear reacter explodes.<br/><br/>A respect for those who sacrificed thier life to not led it go further more worse. This tv-mini-series is one of my favs. The story is so good and written very well. While i was doing my masters degree, it was included in my course and now watching as a tv series i feel it is less descriptive as it is a mini tv series.
Talking about this CHERNOBYL - Its all about expert failure(scientists-science) due to the lack of decision making by experts nuclear power plant turns into nuclear bomb and blasts- as a result many people dies in Ukraine as well as in neighbouring countries by its radiation.
Its worth watching series especially to those who are doing research can learn many things from it, and also helpful to the science students, social science students and other people to know the history. Just like all other reviewers from ex-USSR, I will also say that all the little details of communism era are kept very genuine. Kitchens, watches, cars, people clothes. The damn trash can sparkles my memory (because any item in SU had 2 models at max).
Unlike other Hollywood movies about Soviet Union times, this one does not try to be "too Russian", with vodka and balalaikas.
Some very minor details are incorrect - eg. there were no lighters, only matches. 99% of the setting is truly genuine. This is one of the best dramatic series I have watched in years. It can be difficult to maintain tension and drama describing true events that the viewer might be aware of to some extent, but this program manages it nicely. It is a little predictable in how it tells the story, by which I mean it uses several angles : the scientists and administrators representing the Russian government, the employees of the power plant and other disposable workers, and of course the masses of people caught up in the disaster, and finally, as a close-up look, the wife of one of the plant's employees, who follows her husband to a Moscow hospital. All of these perspectives are handled well and I look forward to the final two episodes.<br/><br/>Knowing how many haters there are on this site, who have their own agenda in trashing movies for reasons other than the ones they claim, I was gratified to see very few poor reviews for this program. I have never seen a movie or show rated this high. I had to chuckle at a few of he negative reviews I ran across. A couple of them said they liked the movie but couldn't believe it had a better rating than Game of Thrones. What a bizarre reason to give a single star. Another person said that the show sugar coated the Communists. I don't know; I lived through Gorbachev and Glasnost, and this portrayal seemed spot on to me. I want to thank authors of this show for making such authentic and dramatic piece of art. We in Russia still couldn't do something similar though it is our pain and legacy. Thanks to the show i got to know(what i am asame to admit) names of the heroes of this tragedy. I've just completed 3 episodes of "Chernobyl"<br/><br/>I would like to take a moment to appreciate the effort, the blood, sweat and tears in making of this modern masterpiece.
Previously people have used the name of the place as a selling point but all of them failed miserably therefore I never thought it was possible in the first place that a show contains this much energy in it, this much potential in it.
All of us have heard about Chernobyl (the event) but how well do we know!
Everything about "Chernobyl" is picture perfect and I mean literally.
Please do give it a try even if you're not a fan you'll become one.<br/><br/>10/10 The amount of emotion felt while viewing the few episodes has been unlike any other for me. The directing is flawless. Acting is flawless. The set designs are breathtaking. I had a lot of prior knowledge surrounding Chernobyl before I watched this and I was still on the edge of my seat the entire time. Such a rare thing to enact in a person knowing the history of whats going on. This is a rare visceral experience indeed. A+++ An absolute masterpiece. A must watch.everything from location design, story telling, actors, directorship. I was 15 when Chernobyl happened. I remember the panic on the TV at the time the scare of if radiation would make it to the UK. I remember radiation maps being present like weather forecasts.<br/><br/>Little did I realize how close we came to an even bigger tragedy. Having just completed episode 2 this revealed that the situation was far worse than originally known. The series is well acted, tense and I feel it portrays the USSR political system in a fair light, from dogmatic denial to the realization that horror is unfolding around them and the attempt to do the right thing.<br/><br/>The only mark against it, is what others have mentioned, and that is the British accents. The series is so go that you get lost in the action only to have that handed out of you when someone invariably talks like they're on Downton Abby. Overlooking that one grip and this is a solid 10. So, I am Latvian, born 1988. I know that this happen but never in such a detail. This show is a masterpiece. Writing, directing, CGI and ofcourse the story! Omg, this is what happen? For real? I dont know what to say?! One part of me want to say that this show is awesome but on the other hand what happen is horrible and this show without this accident would never be made.
These series should be showed history classes. I am Indian by birth but i was in Russia (USSR) back in the early 1980s. As soon as i finished the first episode of Chernobyl i pulled out my old photo album and i could not believe how true they made it look. I was in Vladivostok back then and i was just 4 years old.<br/><br/>The apartments, the streets, they hairstyle everything is like a perfect match !.<br/><br/>But what is really scary is how they have executed the show. My heart beats faster when ever i hear the Geiger counters go off. One can only imagine the horror of the disaster and the fear of death these Heros must have gone through (many of them unaware).<br/><br/>I was actually shivering when they were explaining the possible outcome of the fallout through dialogs.<br/><br/>This is an outstanding series. I would vote 11/10 if i could ! Now, this is an entirely different kind of horror story. The true kind. So far as brilliant as it is terrifying. Hollywood loses the quality race to TV once again. Too bad this wasn't made for the big screen it would rake in the box office bucks and take home some coveted awards in all categories. Thanks a lot to the director and the whole crew for this amazing project. As a Ukrainian, I'm deeply touched with the way one of the most horrible pages of our history is shown. I'm truly satisfied that people all over the world now can watch this show and recognize how gross, evil, lying the communism's regime was. The attitude to its citizens was its biggest crime and Chernobyl incident is the best illustration for this. Bravo, HBO! I gave a 10 because the serie was amazing, only problem is that is mini, too good for mini series. At least 10 episodes please I purposely waited for the second episode to write a review, to see if this show would maintain it's intrigue after the initial events. I assumed most of the excitement would die off after the explosion, but somehow this episode was even better than the last! The acting is superb, and there's this constant element of dread knowing there's an invisible menace slowly and indiscriminately killing everyone in it's path. That alone makes this show insanely riveting. But what I find most compelling is the human/political response. Here we have an obvious worsening catastrophe happening and those in positions of authority refuse to accept reality because they have an agenda they're beholden to. The overwhelming disconcerting message I've gotten so far with these first two episodes, that we all can see happening even today is that the "spin", supersedes reality even if lives are lost in the process. This is hands down one of the best miniseries I've ever see. We lived in Belarus 50km far from the station. My mom still cries when we discuss how it all was happening. She said, they were forced to participate in the Labor Day parade, children and grown-ups. On April 27th hundreds and hundreds of trucks were going to Chernobyl side and cause rumors. Noone actually knew what was happening but some people advised to stay at home, hide from the rain and don't drink water. My mom says she's never forgive the authorities for forcing people work and be in the street. You literally couldn't resign from work and leave. Many of the people she new died during the first year. This is a perfect film and depicts the life in the 80s. Stunning, heartbreaking. This show can't be unseen, and we're all meant to watch. I never really write reviews, too lazy. But I felt I had to at least throw in some lines about this show... Chernobyl is simply AMAZING. The writing, acting, sets, cinematography, the whole recreation of the plant... the devil is in the detail, and HBO absolutely nailed it. For not being a horror show, this is the best horror show I've seen in years. While watching each episode, I crying... crying... crying ... I know this story very well because during this event I was 60 km from the epicenter of the explosion, and therefore I am very sensitive to these series. I am sorry for the hundreds of thousands of people who have sacrificed their lives or health, saving Europe from the consequences of the accident.
This is a masterpiece because the true terrible consequences of the most terrible technological catastrophe in history are shown very well. Some others high-quality popular HBO series are a full fiction and therefore is not so shocking. This should the take away lesson from this. The lies are still there. My family escaped from communism. I was alive during the time, I was young but vividly remember how things were and this mini series portrays them to the T.
Please watch this and if you are living in the USA or any free country take a moment to appreciate how lucky you are. I recommend listening to the podcast for this too... Its a great lesson for history in addition to being highly entertaining.
I hope my review not only makes you watch this but also makes you think about those things.
I am now going to go on twitter and troll my least favorite politician and tell everyone he sucks...because I can I don't usually give out 10 stars but this show absolutely deserves it. The acting, the writing and just the story itself all teleport you into the world of disaster that changed humanity forever. It's like a horror movie but better in my opinion. To say the least, if you like history and great shows, you found it right here. I'd highly suggest watching it. You won't regret it. The series does a great job considering the short 5 episode run.
Everyone who does not know what a communist regime is capable of should watch it. Everyone who values life - should watch it as well.<br/><br/>I was 7 when I was pulled out of bed by our family, rushed to the hospital and administered the Lugol liquid meant to prevent the thyroid from accumulating any of the fallout. We were one of the lucky ones. One of the family members was "connected" and he received a phone call, hours before any of the public news leaked out. We as kids, were one of the first to get the controversial preventative concoction.<br/><br/>Less than 48 hours later, millions of children would do the same.<br/><br/>Still, many in our family died of cancer.<br/><br/>I feel that it is inevitable.<br/><br/>Do not let this series pass by unnoticed. Watch it If only to serve as a warning that we, men, women and children have a limited time on this earth. Do not lose your soul, your culture, your language and life to any system that does not value you as a person. Quite possibly the most intense and powerful experience in television history! Very well could be the best as well! People nagging on it being English, get a life! An exceptional portrayal of the Chernobyl disaster. Directed in such a way you feel the fear and anxiety of the situation as if you were there. Very well done indeed. I find this series to be one the greatest ones ever made. One episode in and I'm hooked. To think in the fall of 1986 I joined up with the army and requested Germany. Started basic in 1987 and got to Germany a little over a year after this happened. Still can't donate blood as far as I know. I mean, I really think this is about time. I'm sure I'm not the only person who is intrigued about this disaster. I watch people exploring Chernobyl and I research the facts from the time- I'm even hoping to visit Chernobyl myself...But this series really is better than any urbex or Google search. This makes it so personal, it's like you're watching it really happen. You get gripped into it so quickly. There's also no beating around the bush with this. Beautifully written, played out and edited. Just a shame it is only a short series- but that makes it feel even more real. They didn't elongate it to make it into a complete series, they kept it as long as the truth of the disaster is. Sometimes, you watch something, and it lives with you, when it's something that has happened, or could still, it haunts you. Chernobyl follows the likes of Threads, a drama that is so realistic, a story so well told, people will remember this for many years to come.<br/><br/>I thought I vaguely knew the events surrounding Chernobyl, I knew nothing, this sensational drama tells the story in a manner that's compelling, informative, and dare I say it, entertaining.<br/><br/>The effects, and acting are truly first rate, as is the superb makeup. However it's the way that this story is told, that's the best element.<br/><br/>A story full of hardship, lies, cover ups, pride, and of course, Love.<br/><br/>Superb from start to end. 10/10 Im from Bulgaria, born in 93, I've listed a lot for the catastrophe from my parents, how the government told them not the eat the crops from that year ( especially the green ones and leaf based ones like cabbage, spinach etc...). Great eye for the details like cars, clothes, jewelry and etc... even the smallest details like clock's, phones, everything portrayed perfectly. The atmosphere of the show is just incredible. Now watching the 3rd episode and im thrilled how awful was everything. I've never imagined what could've been id those man didn't sacrifice themselves to save the millions of lives.<br/><br/>As show it set the bar too damn high for me. I hope HBO continues with this kind of mini series where they continue to tell storiea for such disaster. I hope we can see something for Titanic or Kursk for example. Amazing work. I'm an 1983 girl from South America who heard about Chernobyl but it being so far away from us it was just bad news, nothing that worried too many people. So far I've only heard American "red necky" versions of the truth. Always critising Russians and the Soviet Union with low IQ jokes. As I grew up I educated myself better and well my Irish husband and I decided to find out if this series was some tacky version of the truth. It surprised us.
It's realistic and it's what I imagine is possible. For Ukrainians it was hell and for me now it's a wake up call. This is the most realistic horror story ever! It happened and it happened again and it WILL happen again. Nobody knows where it wilk happen but watch out countries with nuclear plants.
Today we're having a gin and tonic but tomorrow we could be evacuated with cell mutations.
Great job directors! Incredible actors and an inspiring story that must teach us a lesson.
And my heart out to Russians and Ukrainians alike. You don't have to hide your mistakes. Some of us will give you a hand, all you have to do is ask. Let's build connections not divisions. Renk captures the horrifying events of Chernobyl with a raw and honest view that after every episode leaves me knocked over. The cast and acting is pure perfection and never leave the audiens whithout emotion. This is an important miniseries for so many reasons, in this age, with the enviromental issues that we are facing, the question needs to be raised.
Why are we still using nuclear energy? Might be the first TV-Show of 2019 that I'm really interested in.<br/><br/>Recreates the events of Chernobyl in a very bleak, brutal realistic and esentially depressing way.<br/><br/>The Atmosphere is absolutely gripping - seldom have i felt so DESPERATE seeing events unfold and characters basically walking towards their guaranteed deaths.<br/><br/>Added Bonus ( at least mor me ): It's some REAL Stuff.
No Scifi, Fantasy, Superhero, Family, Soap, Feel Good Mash.<br/><br/>
Give it a watch - I'm pretty sure you won't regret it.<br/><br/>Cheers. These brave heroes that no one knows about outside ukraine, russia, but now 30 years after thanks to HBO we know saved Europe. I am Bulgarian, born in 1990.
I should start with the amazing work done with all the set - cars, flats, clothes and etc. It is as I remember them in the post-soviet country. It is so realistic, that you hve the feeling that all of this is happening in front of you.<br/><br/>Now, for the acting, filming. Well, I am not a person who can be scared easily. But now, I feel and fear with each and every one of the characters. There were moments I had to hit the "Pause" button, just to give myself a moment to think about what just happened.<br/><br/>It is as real as possible. Real in every meaning of the word.<br/><br/>I have never ever had given a 10-Star rating to a show...
But words are not enough now. Just watch it! I am touched. I was kid of USSR . And how much director is deep in that culture, i would say more than some people who lived it. Attention to details is just above and beyond. Many people won't notice , but i do. I see it like it really was. Thank you for sharing story about this huge tragedy to the world, because new generation has to know it. And i believe there is no way to make it better. As a nuclear power plant employee, I was curious to know how this serie was going to portray this significant event (actually, this is some what the worst case scenario of an accident). I have to say that the level of detail and reality to the accident is impressive. I've study this event as part of the couses we take to become nuclear professionals and it is as close as possible to the reality. This show is recommended to everyone that doesn't understand the severity of an event or acting/making decisions irresponsibly in the nuclear industry. This show is realistic in everything. People, scientists, town of Prypiat, the atmosphere...
I was a college student in Kyiv, Ukraine in April 1986.
I had a chance, not to receive the first wave of radiation with the wind, because, we took a train Kyiv-Moscow at 9 pm, 25th April, 1986. The next week had two holidays -1st and 2nd May. My mom took 3 days off, I have also arranged my presence in university. So we went to Moscow to see our friends.
When we saw the first announcement on the TV about the accident - we didn't understand all the disaster. We were thinking like "Okay, we'll be back in Kyiv in one week, and everything will be finished."
USSR Government did not gave any alert, that it could be dangerous. Especially when it is raining, because there were a a lot of radiation in the air.
So, people came as usual to the traditional 1st May Parade.
People liked it, especially kids, marching on the streets, with flowers in their hands. Cakes, Ice cream, etc were sold on the streets. Everyone was buying them, without any thought that it could be dangerous, because everything was taking the radiation from the air (Kyiv is just 100 km from Chernobyl). There was also a rain on the 1st May, and many people adored marching in the rain, because we love rains in the early May.
However, on May 1st 1986, the rain was extremely dangerous. Nobody told anything about it. And people, not related to physics, not knowing what exactly happened in Chernobyl, just was not aware about the danger.
We returned to Kyiv on Saturday, May 3rd. May 4th was an Easter.
When I came back to school, nobody was studying or working professors came to the class, and we started endless discussions about what to do. Same situation was on my mom's work. But it was still USSR, you know.
So, we started wash our hairs everyday, wash floors every day, put water in big 3 liter containers, waiting for a day when all particles came down, then using water.
This lasted 3-4 months, then, you know, people get used...
I know that many of my college friends who stayed in Kyiv got cancer years after, or had kids, having cancer.
I don't know if it is related. The show is easily the best I've watched the last decade. Acting, filming, icy soundtrack. everything adds to a tremendous artistic success. ll the time you fear for the next bad thing happen in the next second (it does).<br/><br/>What make the Show especially scary is how it exposes authorities and government are prone to fail in time of devastating crisis, because it questions how they define reality and how things "should be" (...like they always have been...). There is very obviously a clear similarity how all over the world governments are refusing to deal in a proper way with mass extinction, environmental pollution, climate change, overpopulation etc. and also how the people are actually voting the most incompetent, inferior leaders to NOT solve theses problems.<br/><br/>All over the world the reactors are burning. I've been waiting a while for this mini-series to start. There's something about Chernobyl that's always attracted my attention. Only being one episode in, I can't write too much, but to say the cinematography is good would be a serious understatement. Beautifully shot, and gives off a real sense of bleakness that must have surrounded the place after the disaster. Lies, deception and more lies. I still to this day don't really think that Yeltsin never knew what was going on for so long, I just think he thought it wouldn't affect them in Moscow. Anyway, I really hope this series stays as good as this first episode. Outstanding!<br/><br/>
*Edit*<br/><br/>Now on to episode 4/5 and it just keeps getting better and better. What a series! Absolutely outstanding! "Chernobyl" is a 5-episode miniseries by HBO, chronicling the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear disaster and its aftermath. It displays the calamity of the incident and just how devastating it is not only for the civilians, but the heroes who helped to diffuse the situation. It also delves into the tricky framework of the politics within the Soviet Union, questioning the cost of secrets.<br/><br/>The visual effects are amazing. The disaster looked devastating and when we get a glimpse of what happened to the victims, it is just disturbing to watch. It does well to highlight just the devastation that the nuclear disaster caused and while I knew it was bad, I never knew it was this horrifying. I love that the series didn't shy away from showing gruesome imagery and instead going bold to display just the horrors of the disaster in its entirety.<br/><br/>The characters are also very well-written. We have Jared Harris as Valery Legasov, the physicist from the Kurchatov Institute brought in to solve the problem. We have Stellan Skarsgård as Boris Shcherbina, a politician charged with the task of handling the disaster. These two actors gave incredible performances and within the span of just five episodes, I learned a lot about these characters because they were very well-written. Their motivations, their backgrounds, their struggles, their ideals. These are two names that I had never heard before, which highlights just the amount of secrecy that shrouds this operation within the Soviet Union, and by the end of the movie, I felt I know these two people more from reading their Wikipedia pages. There are bound to be some historical inaccuracies, but nevermind that.<br/><br/>The series starts with a bang with the explosion, and then ramps up the tension with dealing in the aftermath, and settles to a subtle, smaller-scale, yet equally tense finale. There is just so much suspense throughout the series and you can't help but feel for the heroic sacrifices of everyone who participated in helping deal with the disaster. The musical score is superb and it owes it to its simplicity, no large explosive choruses but powerfully chilling. One of my favorite ones is the sound of the dossimeter just becoming more of a frenzy, and this just elevates the tension level.<br/><br/>It's five episodes, it's succinct, but it packs a punch. It is one of the best, if not the best, TV series I have ever watched. So much to learn about this nuclear disaster and HBO does a fabulous job telling the story. Love everything about it and it's horrifying to find out the details.<br/><br/>And the comments about the accents- doesn't matter - it's the acting talent and the historical facts that I'm more concerned with. In April 1986, it happened two events that I will never forget: my daughter was born and USSR Chernobyl nuclear power plant exploded in the city of Pripyat. Sometime later, there was a recall of the powdered milk from Netherlands that I had at home since it was contaminated with radiation. Therefore I read and watched most of the news available about the nuclear accident in those days. Now I have just had the chance to see this excellent HBO mini-series.<br/><br/>Divided in five episodes each with about one hour running time, "Chernobyl" seems to disclose what really happened in that fatidic night of 26 April 1986. The mini-series is realistic and gives credibility to the events showed along the days in Chernobyl, Pripyat and Moscow. The performances of the cast, highlighting the lead of Jared Harris, Stellan Skarsgård and Emily Watson, is outstanding. Despite the running time, the viewer does not feel tired or bored. This is one of the best mini-series ever made. My vote is nine.<br/><br/>Title (Brazil): "Chernobyl" I was born 2 years after Chernobyl so I always knew what happened there from my parents. We live in Poland,so luckily we were spared the worst of the radiation but my mum told me that our government also kept shut about the catastrophe.
Despite knowing what happened in general,I still had goosebumos while watching and was extremely pissed at the politicians who tried to hide it.
Very captivating mini series. Just remember to keep some chocolate close by,you may need it to cheer yourself up. My husband and I decided to try this show out. I know next to nothing about nuclear power and the Chernobyl accident. I found this an important learning experience. My husband served 13 years in the US Navy as a submariner nuclear operator. As a part of nuclear school they study the Chernobyl accident: what went wrong, what mistakes were made, what good decisions were made, how they solved the problem and most importantly, what changes were made in light of the tragedy. According to my husband, this show is extremely accurate, very well done and true to the historical records and survivor testimony. To paraphrase Stalin "One death is a tragedy, a million merely a statistic". And if those deaths are horrifying enough, more terrifying than anything you could possibly imagine, then you'll use every effort to reason it could never happen to you. From the beginning, "Chernobyl" is a gut punch that will immediately paralyze and terrify you. What's worse, is as long as there remain nuclear power plants, all with the same or even worse potential despite the best efforts to prevent such tragedy from happening, it will inevitably happen again, perhaps at many times and places. Whether it is due to earthquake, operator error, structural shortcomings, terrorist bombs, tsunami (Fukushima), or hundreds of other scenarios you can't possibly imagine in advance let alone prevent, remember this: it will happen again. Watch "Chernobyl", great filmmaking and storytelling that will probably be the worst and truest horror film you will ever see. Dramatic masterpiece the first 3 episodes have me glued to the screen. But the latest episode was shocking and disturbing. The effect's of large dose radiation exposure are heard of (cancer). but they haven't been depicted so graphically before, you have to commend the make up artists and costume designers. I will admit it was difficult to watch at times but it makes you think if a reactor meltdown could do this. I cant imagine what the bombs did, what was done to the people of Hiroshima and Nagasaki It makes me want denuclearisation of weapons even more. My mom was in Kiev when it happened pregnant with my elder brother. He died year after he was born from a blood disease and doctors were basically saying that the child absorbed the radiation and saved my mom's life. However she passed away from cancer few years ago and I believe these are all consequences of that trip.... this show won't leave anyone indifferent. 10/10 Outstanding from start to finish. Great cast. Wonderful production values. Well crafted and historically appropriate. This is the best series I've ever watched - no doubt. I was 25 years old when this happened, and had no idea what was going on, or how serious it was, as the news reports only contained the propaganda.<br/><br/>Over five episodes I felt fear, terror, shock, grief, astonishment, sadness and deep admiration. The entire range of human emotion within those five hours.<br/><br/>This should be compulsory watching in schools and colleges. Hugely educational. Chernobyl should get every award going. Stunning. This is hands down the cream of HBO's crop. I conjure it is going to clean house at the Emmy's. This is a TV event nobody should miss. On the 1st of May they traditionally made all of the people to participate in a parade.. while it was raining..
I was born in 1982 and that day i had my first and very weird and severe nose bleeding, so my mom's chief although had some thoughts but let us go home.
All the rest of the people, including my father, were marching the central street of my home city - Kaniv, Cherkasy region.
Never again! A beautifully directed and binge-worthy mini-series in a long time.Loved it. Chernobyl miniseries is one of the best TV series of all time. All actors played their characters precisely and perfectly. The show is directed spectacularly. This perfectly able convey the message how societies collapse due to lie. I love this show. The film crew did a perfect job. The historical period showed in all its details, after many years the silence of the catastrophe, the western television company showed it as no post-Soviet film studio would have shown.
This series deserves the attention of the world community, it's a real grief for a huge number of people, it doesn't need expensive special effects to get a feel for this moment.
Glory to the liquidators! The world must remember their sacrifice! This show is as close to perfect as I think it could have been, so far. The set design feels real, as does all of the costumes and props. The acting is superb, and while the show goes for the "English people as Russians" trope, their lack of accents help to showcase their skills, and is in no way a negative for me. While I'm no nuclear expert, but starting in episode 2 the show does a fantastic job in explaining the science. Everything I've looked into has been correct, and people who claim to be experts seem satisfied with the science. But what the show does best is atmosphere. It sets up cues for you very quickly, so you know "He shouldn't touch that" or "He needs to get out of there." It feels as if you're watching a horror movie in parts, but what makes it even scarier is that you know there's no monster that's going to jump around the corner. I can't give this show enough praise. If it keeps up this quality, it will be a masterpiece. Ever wonder what Russia was like back in the 80s? Well, now you can live it for an hour or so every week. What HBO has accomplished with this show is nothing short of miraculous. The quality of the show is such that despite not having a central mystery as everyone know what happened, every single second of the show remains riveting.
This is spell binding story telling and I cant really think of any show or movie that had ever been this spell binding in specifically such a way. This is a must watch, folks. Dont waste time reading reviews, trust the score and go watch it now 33 years ago, the Chernobyl disaster was something of an enigma to most of the world. Yes, we knew that something horrible had happened, but it had happened to other people, people who lived under an opaque tyranny. Their names and faces were unknowable.<br/><br/>HBO's Chernobyl brings the story of what happened home at a gut level. You see what it must have been like for those who were there. You see average people experiencing the fear, confusion, ignorance, and bureaucratic stupidity of that disaster. And you see many of them pay a high price.<br/><br/>If Episode 1 is any indication, Chernobyl will stand as one of television's greatest achievements. The episode was outstanding in every way - writing, casting, production values, directing, etc. Great pandemic viewing, watched during lockdown. Opens your eyes to one of the worlds greatest disasters. If last dance was a play by play of Michael Jordan's career, Chernobyl is a play by play of disastrous decisions. I am old enough to remember Chernobyl. It was horrifying at the time. Since then, much information has been available. I must admit that when the area became open again to (limited) tourism, I was curious, and cautiously hopeful. However, seeing this dramatisation of the events, I find my opinion has changed. Perhaps no area that has been affected like this should ever be opened up, remaining instead as a memorial. This program is so respectful yet informative. I feel things that I could not have felt at the time, not having been one of the poor souls affected by this. Another reviewer has spoken of dread, how there is dread building through the episodes, and I agree with that.
Now, it was a Soviet event, and how it was handled was determined by that nation's political culture. OTOH, since then we have had the nuclear reactor meltdown in Japan. Before that, there was the incident in the United States, at Three Mile Island. I do not view this series through the lens of Soviet-bashing. I would be okay, then, believing, and feeling, that this is so very much a story of human beings, trying to handle something that is beyond their ability to deal with. This series conveys that brilliantly. Watched this about a year after doing a tour of Chernobyl and Pripyat,it is as if I was doing the tour again,the accuracy with which this series is done is amazing. The people of Western Europe don't realise how close we came to a nuclear holocaust and it becoming a wasteland,all the info I was told on the tour about this is also mentioned in this series,brought back all the stuff I was told about. This series is more like a documentary than a drama,there is no made up "stuff" at all,it is 100% accurate,was amazing to watch The radiation dose released by this tragic accident was more than 400 times that of the atomic bomb exploded in Hiroshima during World War II. The neighboring city of Pripyat was thus abandoned and turned into a "ghost city". More than 330,000 people were forced to leave their homes. In the following years, thousands of children suffered from thyroid cancer, and millions of people lived in worries about their health and life. Since the accident occurred only 33 years ago, the secondary disasters caused by it still affect the local environment.
Throughout history, it is not difficult to find traces of human self-destruction. From the two world wars to the invention and use of nuclear weapons, although nuclear power plants are regarded as the positive application of this super power, from Chernobyl to Fukushima, the shadow of nuclear power plant accidents has always hung over the heads of human beings. Felt relaxing and intense at the same time!Acting was great the execution of each episode are great,dialogues were amazing!last episode was perfect.From starting it was engaging to see!Overall a amazing mini series! First off, episode #1 is the best episode #1 in the history of TV. If you don't immediately love this show after an hour of watching it, you aren't capable of appreciating genius. It's absolutely captivating in the most terrifying way possible. The whole miniseries is amazing. It's so tragic & yet so alluring. I cannot stress this enough, this show is beautiful. the only gripe i have is it was too short and they did not make more of it. I dont have words to describe, just thinking about those, who really confronted that horror. Chernobyl is one of the major events of the 20th century not only because it was a tech disaster but because it was the last nail in the coffin of the USSR totalitarian regime. IÂ´m Ukranian born in 1982 so I was very young when Chernobyl happened but judging by what I heard and read about it and the soviet realities I remember myself the show creators did an excellent job. Also, the show is a great tribute to firefighters and liquidators who lost their health and lives in this catastrophe. We owe them our lives. I really hope kids nowadays will understand that this is really how things were. Those people are not idiots, not cowards, they are afraid. Afraid if the don't do what they asked to do it will not just end their careers, their lives, but the life and career of their families! I am old enough to remember as a kid when they did not let us out of the kindergarden's park to play or did not let us drink milk for a while. No one knew much, only what we could get from "the western" news. Days after the tragedy. I'm glad we could end the socialism and we could get rid of the russians but I am sad we are on the road again to have something similar. Our government is building somthing that we might can name neo-communism and it frightens me. Maybe this story can show kids today how bad this can be.<br/><br/>Great show.<br/><br/>Greetings from Hungary Chernobyl is maybe one of the best mini series I have ever seen after Band of Brothers. I was still a child but can remember vividly the day when I was sitting in the garden of our family in a small German town with some other kids as my mother ran up to me, grabbed me and carried me inside of the house. She shouted at the other kids that they should all go home. She slammed the door to the garden and told me that I wasn't allowed to be in the garden and could not eat the fruits and vegetables from it anymore. I asked her why. She told me that in Russia a nuclear plant exploded and that the whole garden was contaminated. I dind't really understand the meaning of that speech but I looked through the window in the garden and imagined that all the fruits and berries were poisened now. As far as I can remember I never saw my parents as upset as on that day again. The explosion of the nuclear plant Chernobyl was the ur-catastrophe of my generation. 9/11 was yet to come in a far future. The information flow at that time was really poor. The iron curtain was still intact and the fact that an explosion happened was admitted by the Russians just because a swedish nuclear plant metered increased radiation outside of their own plant and asked the Russians about what was going on.<br/><br/>When I was older I read a lot about the events that went on at that time. It's really stunning in a sick way to see those events happen again on TV and to be in attendence. The special effects show the catastrophe in all its scaring beautifullness and force. The music is dark and frightening. The facts are researched very well. I couldn't see any major divergence to the real historic notations. Once more you realize that the Soviet Union has been a system that lead to fatal negligence in nearly every sphere. Under-qualified party barons were in charge and made terrible decisions. At a certain point the population gave up and lived their life without any motivation or ambition at all. That's how the state produced the substrate for this horrible accident. Bad and dangerous orders were given and the people obeyed just to prevent any trouble and when they did mistakes the first thing to do was to erase all the trades. In a sensible field like nuclear research this are the worst conditions you can find. It's no wonder that the Soviet Union produced some of the worst nuclear accidents in history. There is Lake Karachay that is the most nuclear contaminated place in the world and there was the Kyshtym disaster. This show should remind us all that a devided world has brought us all to the edge of destruction. It is not a thing to wish back. Its very rare i watch something that leaves me feeling this way, it was incredible but terrifying im strugglingto find the words to express how good this is, its the best thing i have seen in a very long time, i see a few 1/10-5/10 reviews and honesty think you are all a little nuts. This series is going to change you and make you think and feel in a different light. Watch it NOW This is a pretty nice show, no doubt. It represents very well what happened with amazing cinematography, setting, acting and tense moments. The fact that it's a true story strengthens the dramatic scenes even more. There is not that much propaganda and I liked that very much. I enjoyed it, it was satisfying. What I don't understand is how the hell it is the top rated show of all time. In my opinion it is just a regular show, nothing that special. It is certainly not better than GoT (despite the controversial last season) and Breaking Bad, both of them having plenty of seasons, which are all amazing. That's years of hard work and professionalism. So I think it's such a pitty and extremely unfair that Chernobyl is better than these shows (and so many others) according to the IMDb rating. By far the best content provided this year. Backed by historical truth, Chernobyl is just plain spooky. The drama moves at a streaky pace allowing an esteemed cast to provide an understated, outstanding performance. I just finished the 1st episode, and i can barely say something about it. They really put us there, i felt so deep emotions! And the accuracy is impecable, it is truly astonishing and is worth to watch. Easily this could be the most important and useful TV show ever produced. The acting of leading casts cannot go unnoticed. Thanks HBO for this great TV show. Stop saying this is the production of capitalist pigs who dont know what went on in the USSR. Have you heard of the Great Terror, The Red Terror? Anton Dyatlov was sent to a prison camp for 5 years, or was that Western propaganda? The dog eat dog environment, the post disaster blame game, that all went down, because whoever was "to blame" was getting shot, or if they were lucky, getting sent to Siberia. Look at the facts, communism is inherently flawed, nowhere more so then the USSR. This mini series was far far better than I ever expected. I had to remind myself that this is a TV show and not real. It brought tears to my eyes. I was telling the actors what to do. It really drew me in. It was like watching a train wreck. You wanted to look away , but you couldn't. The story line was skillfully written. Every now and then a side plot full of human interest would emerge and be followed. Sometimes I would think "don't go there, you will spoil the show". But every time they proved me wrong. It was near perfection. Please note that this is a fictional account and don't expect every character to have been a real person. They are representative. It is not a documentary. They got the period costumes, hairstyles etc so right. I found myself wanting everybody who is championing nuclear power to watch this mini series. Watching the series made me want to shout at everybody whose answer for everything was to send it to another committee. No wonder the USSR collapsed. I wanted to tear down every statue of Lenin and put up statues of firefighters and coal miners and other faceless workers , who answered to call to help, knowing that their lives would be ruined. This series is a monument to them. So devastating a must watch, my heart breaks for every life affected by this disaster I am Russian. I want to say thanks to the authors of this film. They did a great job to show the details of that time. There were similar things in my grandmother's house. It's amazing. Thanks again One unbelievable work of art. I watched all the documentary titles I can find during the past 5-7 years about Chernobyl, this one recreated the actual event up to 98% and the angle of view from ordinary people is so touching!<br/><br/>Great work HBO! The heroism of those that stepped up is something that the whole of Europe should be grateful for.
This feels like important TV. Made the mistake of starting this at 1am. Didn't sleep at all. Incredibly written, directed, shot, acted, truth really is stranger than fiction. Horrifying, the Chernobyl podcast is a great supplement to hear how Craig Maizin brought this story to life including additional stories they didn't have time to include in the show. 10/10 would recommend! I watched a documentary on Chernobyl on amazon prime called Chernobyl Cafe. It has footage of Chernobyl and when I saw this I am stunned at EVERY correct detail. The clothes, hair, control room.. absolutely stunned. This series doesn't skip the little details to 'glamorise' it. You see the loving families who were going about their everyday life. How this impacted them from the start. This deserves an Oscar. Incredible writing, cinematography and acting. I grew up in former USSR. I have ten, when this disaster happens and I lived in Latvia about 1000 km from Chernobyl. This area also was affected by nuclear pollution from Chernobyl. But what I remember, only as adults were talking about some accident, what happens far away from us. Teachers said, it is better to stay at home in this days, but we don't think it is necessary and continue to live our routine daily. It was very warm and sunny Spring. That Autumn there was very big berries and mushrooms in forest and all joked it is radiation plants. We didn't understand how it all is seriously, so all we knew was lies. Only some minutes in news about accident, no one explained how dangerous it is, and how much it affected and will affect us in future. I grew up with lies in the first twelve years of life. I was really child of USSR ideology. I thought I was living in the best country in the world, there aren't problems, there aren't accidents, there is only peace, love and equal rights for all. And only after about 1989 I found out and was shocked about what happens in reality, how much was hidden from us, specially from generation born at 70th years. There was many other disasters and terror against people (of course, no so large and terrible as Chernobyl) about what we did't know before , they was hidden, people died, but no one was talking about it. People life didn't have value for USSR ideology.
Chernobyl was finish line, it was enough to lie in order to save lives not only of USSR people, but another in Europe. There wasn't more chance to continue to hide a truth. And gates had opened for democracy and freedom for USSR people. Now I'm living in independent country, what is part of EU.
Only after watching this movie I founded a real truth about this accident. Thanks to all, who saved my, my parents and friends lives. Thanks to all who died in order we can live.
As dog and cat owner and lover for me the most sad episodes were where dog is running after a bus and where three guys are shooting pets. I tried to watch it without emotions, understanding it was necessary for people lives. But is was really sad, I was so sorry for this little angels who don't understand what is happening. I had a friend who lived in Chernobyl when the disaster happened , he watched the drama on tv he counted nine inaccuracies on one hand This show is the most impressive and haunting one you can ever see in recent television history.
Writing, acting, photography, music, everything is perfect.<br/><br/>It's a tribute for all those men who literally saved a whole continent from disaster, and nobody were aware of what happened at this time. This is absolutely terrifying.
Most importantly it's a message about denial, which is resonnating deeply with our current time and the absurd rejection of science.
A must see
This will stay with you for a long time. Literally one of the best tv show i've ever watched. Gave me goosebumps in each episode. The direction and everything is perfect. Will recommend everyone to watch this. It depicts the whole history of incident in an interesting way. The real danger is that when we hear more lies, we can no longer tell the truth. This is the price of concealing the truth with lies. This is a wonderful production which engaged my undivided attention throughout. The acting is compelling, especially that of Jared Harris (who I didn't especially rate in Mad Men) and Emily Harris.<br/><br/>The last five minutes of the final episode ties everything together in the context of present day reality and should not be missed. The series as a whole is a very moving memorial to the sacrifices made by the ordinary Soviet worker in the maintenance of the state. It deserves to win all of the accolades for which it has been nominated. I don't have anything else to say aside from this is possibly the best show ever. Everything about it is spectacular. The tension is great, the acting superb, the dialogue perfect. It should have won every award there is. It should have been THE show of award season. The fact that it didn't is testament that Hollywood awards should be taken with a grain of salt. This is a real life horror show. Better than any other horror show/movie I've ever seen. First, because it is so well done, and secondly because it truly could happen. This isn't werewolves, or vampires, or any other (likely) made up monster. This is a very real monster. The monster, nuclear radiation. A monster created by irresponsible, and dangerous governments. A monster that we are looking in the face right this very moment during these protests, and during the failure of our government's coronavirus response. This show is utterly brilliant because it is so relatable. It is utterly brilliant because of its high/realistic production value. It is utterly brilliant because of its carefully crafted script. I will say this: I am not opposed to nuclear power. I am opposed to governments that do not take a responsible approach to it, which in this case is the government of the USSR. I will also say that the United States is one step away from a possible nuclear incident of this scale. All it takes is for those in power to fall asleep at the wheel and I fear we are terrifyingly close to falling asleep at the wheel. Arrogant engineers denied serious accidents, fanatical politicians blocked cities and news, innocent children frolicked in the dust from the explosion, and hell came to Chernobyl. This is a catastrophe from human arrogance, bigotry and ignorance. This is worse than any nightmare or horror movie, because it really happened. The events are described in the series with horrifying accuracy.<br/><br/>I lived in the next door republic, a teenager, but the reality of the situation reached us - first through rumors, then my relative who was helicopter pilot was recruited to put out the fire. Radioactive clouds raining and leaving patches everywhere...<br/><br/>People getting sick from cancers, lymphomas and leukemia. Everyone knows what happened in Chernobyl, this series stands apart from all other true series; each character gets in our soul and leaves us with a single question; why? And the fragility of human nature to do something big without understanding what disaster it can lead us, in our lives; Wonderful television. A fantastic amalgamation of the history, politics, science and drama; thus ticking all the right boxes from my own perspective. An intelligent production with writing that evokes a genuine sense of empathy with the characters portrayed. Just every now and again something turns up on TV and you let your tea go cold and your sandwich to room temperature.
I was transfixed. I couldn't separate myself from the screen for a minute.
Best series in 2019 so far. This kind of tragic events should be transferred more to television. This proves you don't need 8 seasons to become the best rated tv show What an amazing list of events with a professional directing...emotional,Tragic and painful It takes alot for me to review anything in this world, but this series almost encourages me to.
-Gripping
-Powerful
-Accurate
-Emotional
-Quite truly unbelievable!
If you didn't know it was based on real life events, you'd think it's fictional.
Brilliantly directed, with superb attention to detail from make up to special effects. It's so immersive, that you feel like you're there....with them....sharing the pain and disbelief.
At the end of each episode, our lounge remains silent with unimaginable comprehension of the events unfolding!
By far the best thing I've ever watched.<br/><br/>Credit to everyone involved and thoughts to all that were affected. This series is nothing short of excellent. Writing, cinematography, soundtrack, and acting is all well beyond nearly anything I've watched. My suspicion is that the negative reviews of this show are coming from the 12-21 year old demographic. A program does not require non-stop action, lame jokes, gratuitous sex, and endless impossible escapes from deadly situations to hold a viewers interest. This show is intense from the very beginning and tells the story well. I love this show. I'm only 2 episodes in but I am floored. Acting obviously is great and so is the production design and authenticity and everything else you can want from a historical drama but, Oh My God is it dreadful. You can't evacuate and leave this place alone and just wait this disaster out, but also merely by being there you are essentially killing yourself and despite knowing that people stayed there. I just love how it isn't just showing us the horrors of radiation poisoning, the mutilated bodies and that empty look in the eyes of people who know what has happened and there's no hope for them; there is enough of it, but it's also making us understand our powerlessness against something like this disaster. There's no shield from it. You can't barricade your home and be safe. It's showing us the scale of destruction something like Chernobyl could've caused if the situation wasn't dealt with, the powerlessness of the people who dealt with it and the sacrifices they made, lives they asked for, the lives they laid down, despite knowing the chances not only of survival but success also and doing it anyways. Because it must be done. That is makes this so dreadful. That is what makes it amazing. Excellent pacing and storytelling.
Captured the suffering and after effects of the incident perfectly.
One of of the finest entertainment can provide. Quite simply the best thing I've ever seen on film. The best mini-series in the world!
What acting! Like it's all happening for real ðŸ’• All the actors, the story, the scenography, all well detailed, the best miniseries of the history. Down to the people's clothes. The woman whom the charactee Lusya was based on, despite some criticism of HBO allegedly unauthorized use of her story, she acknowledges in one interview that HBO have special attention to details. In her case, it goes down to one of her knitted jackets. She says the character Lusya uses one that is similar to one she has at the time. You can also see that the actors depicting Legasov, Dhyatlov, Fomin an others are similar in looks to the real people. The technical information presented is, most of the times accurate, with only some minor deviations that serve (like the cause cause of the AZ-5 button being pressed. It's declared by Legasov in the series, probably as an inference, but in actuality, only Leonid and Akimov knew the exact reason, but does before being asked for it).<br/><br/>Also the acting and everything else is up to the best of HBO's. Soundtrack is bizarre and thrilling, which sounds fitting for some of the creepiest moments. Exceptionally Good. It had covered all aspects in detail.it will take you to a historic ride. I kinda knew the story but I was so intrigued to watch how it started and all the minor details. HBO did an amazing job in portraying the characters and excellent cast members with top-notch acting as well. The best mini-series ever made. PERIOD. Nope, no overhype here... It's that great, my friends...
You will feel it throughout every episode, you will feel you're seeing something special, something rare, something one of a kind...
Bravo to all that have participated in this amazing project! There are many people who say that the United States has discredited the Soviet Union, but this is not important. The incident is true, the death toll is true, the land is polluted, and the information disclosed after the collapse of the Soviet Union is also true. After watching four minutes of cold sweat, not only because of the strong immersion brought by this outstanding work, but also because of the terrible familiar content I saw In my opinion, this is the best show ever made. Everything about it just spot on perfection, the music, the acting, the script. They should show this in schools. I was born in 1991, I'm from Hungary and I always heard people talking about it, but I never really knew or cared about what happened that night. But thanks to this show, that night and everything about it will live forever with gripping, brutal honesty. Seriously, a must watch! IMDB should have an 11 or a 12 rating for this.
My grandma told me she was going to work when the radioactive cloud reached Hungary, she had skin cancer after that. My mother was on the beach, she got the worst sunburn she ever had in her life, she passed out 3 times that night and vomited. Maybe just a coincidence or maybe not, I guess we will never know...Nobody knew how serious it was here, after all we are a thousand kilometres away. But now I know that it was the worst man made disaster ever and just like in the show, nobody admitted it back then. To me, this is the perfect short series. I could write for a long time about how amazing every single aspect of it is, but it would be easier if you just watched it for yourself! I too, like many people watched this series while looking for something to fill the void after the disappointment of the ending of GoT's. It exceeded all my expectations and some. I watched it 3 times through in the first two weeks and every time found myself completely consumed by it.<br/><br/>Yes, it's dark, grim and brutal and will absolutely stay with you after watching, but it's also fascinating and the tension is relentless. Somehow, despite the horrors of the series, the scene in episode 5 on the bench is one of the most beautiful moments of TV I've ever seen. I really can't compare Chernobyl to anything I've ever watched before, but do yourself a favour and watch it. It really is a masterpiece. After finishing Game of thrones, I think that I am not able to be connect with any series. But this mini series proves me wrong & even I think that this series is one of the best of all time. And after knowing about Chernobyl & USSR and lot of things I just wanna say -
"What is the cost of lies" ????? Its been a long time that a series pulled me in and left me wanted for more. This series tell the story of what happend on the night of 26 april 1986 and it did it very well. I never knew i could learn something about how nuclear power plants work and what happend on that night. i was always fascinated about the Chernobyl disaster at a very young age. When i saw that there was going to be a series about the disaster i thought to myself "hmm im not going to watch it, i already know about it" but that was a big mistake. It gave me a better inside about the disaster and the people involved.
In my opinion this series is better than Breaking bad, my favorite series until now.<br/><br/>This series gets a very well deserved 10/10 from me. The best miniserie ever. Terror, reality, drama, some of romantic. Unfortunately a true story. Absolutely magnificent TV. I don't watch much tv, and was skeptical about this show, but my mind was blown after watching it. I thought I owed it's creators this review and rating. Simply one of the best stand alone TV series of all time. The only thing that comes close is Band of Brothers for me.
Bleak, unpretentious and harrowing...Exactly what the subject matter called for. Essential viewing 10/10 I am pressing AZ-5 on the rating system here. There is no way a 10/10 is enough to describe this mini-series. It was the most gripping television I have ever experienced and this is from someone who barely reacted to it in 1986 when I was just turning 18 and had so many other things on my mind.<br/><br/>After watching this, and only now knowing that the entire world was on the brink of disaster, and now just a measly 100 years away from the next need to contain Chernobyl 4, I am still pro-nuclear. I am however anti-lying, anti-bullying by our governments wishing to keep lying and anti-idiots rising in power for their brownnosing competence and real men and women with competence being passed over. It is a strong show but the fact that they chose to portray all the scientists that handled the crisis in one person really took me out of it!!! I kept thinking why are we not seeing a big team of scientists conferring? It felt like a movie instead of real events, it was so unrealistic seeing one hero instead of what would actually happen!!! Very well documented, good actors, nice effects! Everyone should watch this! Some months ago ( I didnt even know this series was being shot) I kinda got a Chernobyl obsession and watched countless documentaries and real footage from the accident and its aftermath. This series reminds me of an almost 4 hours BBC (I think ) documentary I watched, which got my attention like no movie ever did. I watched it for almost 4 hours and not once did I get bored. HBO's Chernobyl very much reminds of it, accurate, not overly dramatic, just as much as it needs. No meaningless storylines to increase interest. Just the raw story. Very well done, great camera work and excellent casting. Of course I m glad they spoke "normal" English and not eastern accent English which is the most ridiculous thing they do in movies (I mean, come on, they still speak English, why make them speak with an accent?).
I gave it 9 out of 10, just because I liked the documentary I mentioned a bit more. HBO once again proved that they can do the best TV shows in the world, everything is so truthful and detailed, with respect to people who committed suicide for the save of other people that my blood was boiling in my veins, thanks for the great and atmospheric story!
I hope that such a catastrophe will never happen again. My Rating : 9/10<br/><br/>Truth triumphs, always.<br/><br/>'Chernobyl' sits proudly at the #1 spot as IMDb's Top Rated TV Show as of my writing this. A great story without embellishment that takes the viewer into the world of lies at the upper echelons of society and exposes the wickedness of the mighty and power-hungry people who have built their foundation of power on lies.<br/><br/>A perfectly-executed and intelligent miniseries that helps to envelop the viewer in a state of constant questioning of the why's and how's of the tragedy that affected the lives of over 300,000 people. It's difficult to give an exact figure of how many people died from the accident, as there are still people today who are suffering the effects of the radiation.<br/><br/>Horrifying to watch every episode unfold with the knowledge of the massive invisible destruction taking place - this 'invisibility' is hard to come to terms with and makes it difficult to decipher the magnitude of havoc about to take place.<br/><br/>'What is the cost of lies????' The fact that this miniseries exists and people believe it to be a perhaps embellished, but ultimately accurate depiction of anything that happened in real life is a testament to everything wrong with TV series and the people who consume them.
The series gets so many things so absolutely wrong it's a mystery why the writers chose to use the names of actually existing people and places rather than setting the story in an entirely fictional universe.<br/><br/>Many of these problems have been pointed out in far more detail in think pieces, but just to quickly summarize the most egregious ones:<br/><br/>1) The science depicted is completely wrong, from the magnitude of the disaster to the real effects of radiation on humans. One is only left to wonder how come if the people on the "bridge of death" several kilometers away supposedly died from the effects of radiation, all of the supervisors (who were in the nuclear plant at the time of the accident) survived for decades
2) Many of the events depicted are either complete fabrications, or have been blown out of proportion
3) Of the remaining few that actually did happen, their order is often wrong
4) The Soviet State of the late 80s, while repressive, didn't go around murdering or threatening to murder its own citizens
5) For all the expository scienc-ey talk about rector cores, DNA damage, etc. the real dangers of radiation and nuclear fallout are never properly explained, leaving the viewer wondering what the stakes are and how and why decisions are being taken<br/><br/>
The most plausible explanation of why the writers chose to twist the facts to such absurd extremes is that if they had done otherwise there wouldn't be a story worth telling, in which case one is left to wonder why would they choose to adapt it in the first place. HBO has actually done mankind a service here. I can hear moans...but, at least to me this isn't hyperbole. This is brave stuff, far from any kind of traditional entertainment. It is the most based on truth horror committed to celluloid. It is like watching a microcosm of man ending the world as we've known it. This is the most scary thing I've ever watched on a screen. If this isn't a nuclear holocaust warning then you are deaf, dumb, and blind. So important that I can easily say everyone should see this. It will redefine the nuclear debate. HBO has provided a service here it would seem. A new high watermark for the network. After watching Chernobyl it looks like I wasted lot of time watching GOT series.
Chernobyl's story line is very well planned and executed. It was very heart breaking to see the after effects of radiation to the people and animals. We can just imagine what had happened there and what the hell they went through.. Great show. I've heard it happened exactly like that in real life Extraordinarily well directed show. While watching, it almost feels like you are there during those times. In the middle of the night, the young couple pushed the baby carriage to watch the activity. The wind blew the polluted dust in the moving air to the crowd. The children played in the dust. The girl watched the explosion and praised the beauty. It's not a horror movie, but it makes my back feel cold. Arrogant engineers denied serious accidents, fanatical politicians blocked cities and news, innocent children frolicked in the dust from the explosion, and hell came to Chernobyl. This is a catastrophe from human arrogance, bigotry and ignorance. ...and you can't imagine the level of realism of this series if you haven't been there. I'm italian, I was 15 when it all happened, and even in my country some measures were taken to counteract the potential effects of the incident. Then, 25 years later, I went there, during a road trip across Eastern Europe. Even after all these years, being there is like living a nightmare. I think I have never seen a place as gloomy as abandoned Pripyat, it has to be seen to be believed. And the power plant itself... God, we were allowed up to the front gate, which lies about 400 metres from the cursed reactor, and being right in front of that monster gave me a sensation that I'll never be able to describe.<br/><br/>Why am I telling all of this? Because this series captures to perfection the gloom, the bleakness, the horror that happened there and that still looms all over the place after so many years. What got me the most about this show is not the storytelling (excellent), not the acting (excellent), not the script (excellent), but the atmosphere: perfect. Not to mention its infinite documentary value. This series is the modern version of a history book, and should be bought on DVD and kept in everyone's library. A true, unmissable, absolutely remarkable masterpiece. My first 10 stars review on IMDB.<br/><br/>P.S. During my visit there, we were told that 2000 people still work in the Chernobyl power plant nowadays. Greetings from Lithuania.<br/><br/>After seeing all 5 episodes of "Chernobyl" i can safely say - this has to be the most authentic and raw series I've probably ever seen, and i saw many of them. Th story itself while was pretty well known by myself, but not that much - it kept me on the edge of my seat during whole 5 brutal, authentic and as real as possible episodes. I'm so proud right now that "Chernobyl" was actually filmed in my county Lithuania, most of it at our decommissioned plant in Visaginas and our capital Vilnius. I heard about this thing being filmed a bit back then, and i thought "nice, some known but not to much actors doing some show about even which kinda no one cares about these days". After seeing this show i can only say - "Chernobyl" is a masterpiece of raw and authenticity.<br/><br/>Overall, "Chernobyl" is a series in which you won't find all "popular" ingredients of series of these days - superheroes, twists, mystery, love and etc. What you get in "Chernobyl" is a pure 100% real take on a devastating and brutal story as it was - noting hidden, 100% real. It is as good small cinema as it can be. After watching all episodes, i can truly say that this is a master piece, best series ever made in terms of story - acting - music and story telling, wonderful job, Thank you for the team behind it and thank you HBO for this. This miniserie might be one of the best series I've ever watched. Recalling when it actually happened -86 and little info came out after the explosion. How this excellent serie more the 30 years later are filling in blanks and also pinpointing how close it was that this event could've been even more devastating if the hydrogen explosion would have happened wiping out the other 2 reactors also and a huge area around. That I never knew how close it was for a mega catastrophic event. Yet again as my headline says, MASTERPIECE. I cannot believe how amazing this series is. It is beautifully shot, bleak and heartbreaking to watch, but utterly compelling. I don't think I've seen anything that has me this hooked. I really can't believe how little I knew about this tragic event. A must watch. Can't believe anybody can score this below at least an 8. For anybody who was alive when this happened it was a seminal moment in 20th century history (and indirectly helped end the cold war....at least for a while). The acting is outstanding and the story telling sublime. If you want no dramatic license, then watch one of the many documentaries (after teaching about the event for much of the last 30 years I have watched many, and have researched it a lot). Also to the comment that it paints the USSR in a bad light, it is interesting that many of the very favourable comments are from people who were there and lived in the era. Basically, ignore the low score negative haters and enjoy some excellent TV that also informs. Chernobyl is scarier than any recent horror movie because this catastrophe really happened; and its effects are still felt throughout Europe to this day. Back when the USSR still existed and was the world's second strongest economy, bested by the United States This horror story of nuclear power and political failings is just as terrifying, potent and shockingly relevant as it was in 1986: that's not something people of today should have to worry about but it is absolutely true in every way.<br/><br/>Chernobyl deals with history in a way that makes you think about 'behind the scenes' politics relating to any Earth-shaking event and the fallout of such chaos affecting the people who've got no say in the matter (e.g. firefighters). This is power play on an astronomical scale and it doesn't rely on aliens, space rocks or killer machines to convey a sense of utter desperation and horror; this is historical fiction about an event that still stands out as the world's worst ever nuclear disaster. Man vs science has never been so disturbingly unsettling the way it's shown here: and frankly we need more filmmakers to show that humanity's failings can be seen as the necessary learning curves to lead to greater, more reassuring success as long as we address the problems and solve them all. What I'm really trying to say is that truths cannot stay hidden and that they'll always come out sooner or later, especially if countless lives are held hostage to that secret.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is 2019's most terrifying television event, and probably its most effective horror movie. It's a 5/5-star achievement. This is the first awesomely directed and produced mini-series I've ever seen. the cast are also very experienced so it's feel like we're watching live Chernobyl incident. the tone of voice of cast show us that the cast rigorously sinked in their character. the scenes are taken from ignalina nuclear plant instead of Chernobyl which is looked like original Chernobyl nuclear power plant. Season 1 - 96/100 (Favorite Episode: Vichnaya Pamyat)<br/><br/>_________________________________<br/><br/>⭐⭐⭐Screenplay: 96/100<br/><br/>⭐⭐⭐Acting Performance: 96/100<br/><br/>⭐⭐⭐Film Editing: 100/100<br/><br/>⭐⭐⭐Cinematography: 96/100<br/><br/>⭐⭐Visual Effects: 92/100<br/><br/>⭐⭐⭐Sound Effects: 98/100<br/><br/>⭐⭐⭐Art Direction & Set Decoration: 100/100<br/><br/>⭐⭐Original Scores: 93/100<br/><br/>⭐⭐⭐Makeup: 100/100<br/><br/>⭐⭐⭐Costume Design: 97/100<br/><br/>_________________________________<br/><br/>The last episode is real amazing. This show is really amazing and tells the truth about the disaster.<br/><br/>What is the cost of lies? Vichnaya Pamyat.<br/><br/>In memory of who suffered and sacrificed their lives. It is not often that I post a review here-mostly I just vote and don't bother with reviewing. For this series, I had to write something. It touched me in ways no other depiction of true events ever has. Maybe because I come from Southern Europe, and my country was one of the unlucky ones to receive the deadly radioactive clouds-I was 12 at the time and I remember it as if it was yesterday. It was the first time we realized the perils of radiation- my generation is far removed from WWII, so we had no idea of what a nuclear plant accident meant in practice. Nor what a core meltdown really was. And, back then in the "stone ages" with no Internet, no cell phones and the infamous USSR " lock down and deny everything" policy, the info we, the general populace, were getting were scarce and false most of the times.
This series depicts all that and so much more in a phenomenal way. The script, the actors, the locations,the atmosphere, the music, the photography, the make-up- they all contribute to a unique experience. In some scenes I swear I could almost smell the burned graphite. In other scenes the music blended so well with the scene that I didn't know if what I was listening was the soundtrack or the sound of the radiation monitoring devices. The acting is subtle-never over the top- but extremely powerful. All the cast deliver their lines flawlessly but you can understand much more from their facial expressions and body language- the desperation, anger, realization, horror, acceptance and defiance are all expressed in a very human, very heart breaking way. The chemistry between the 3 main protagonists is palpable. First suspicious , cautious and antagonistic of each other, and gradually, in the face of the enormity of the tragedy steadfast allies and even friends. These dynamics are not stated, but us as the audience see them unfold before our eyes by the exceptional trio of Harris - Skarsgard and Watson.
The scenes that made me break in tears were the ones with the animals- no need to elaborate here, if you have seen it you know what I am talking about. It is so often that we focus on the human tragedy that we forget the fate of our animal friends- this series did not forget that (and I thank the creators for this), and as a result, this whole episode was devastating for me to watch, but I am glad I watched it.
There is so much more I could say to praise this series, but I will stop here. I urge everyone to watch it and please remember that these events DID truly happen, many in a much worse way than depicted. Also, please remember that the end of this nightmare, for many-many people in Europe and the former USSR countries, has not been written yet. The acting is brilliant. Fares Fares, who has a relatively minor role, is very good as usual and needs to get bigger parts asap.<br/><br/>I think this series is a masterpiece and I highly recommend it. In fact, some of my coworkers has told me to shut up about it already.<br/><br/>I was born in 1975. I live in Härnösand along the eastern coast of Sweden, and we got a lot of the initial downfall because of the winds that day. I have had to remove a tumor from my spine in 1997. There is no way of knowing if it got there because of Tjernobyl, but there certainly is a chance.
I remember the news saying that a Swedish power plant (Forsmark) had registered radiation, and when we found out what had happened there was what I can only describe as mild panic. My football practice was cancelled, they told us to not lay on the ground because of radioactive particles. Because of the speculation about the severity of the disaster on the news we didn't know if it was safe to go outside even. I'm born and bred Russian who now lives in the US and this is the 1st show about USSR produced here that is so authentic and real that you can't help but loving it. The 4th episode left me in tears. A huge thank you for Craig and his team for the tremendous research they made before filming the series. Will rewatch again with a group of friends to exchange opinions. The story that had to be told about an event about which many know so little. I'm so sick of the babies having tantrums about historical accuracy or that it's not in Russian. It's not a documentary. Like of course it's dramatised. Of course it's in English. Land your expectations back on earth and just review it for what it is, instead of crying about what it isn't. Not the greatest miniseries ever made like some suggested, but not an overrated pile of manure either, like others have suggested.<br/><br/>The 1st two episodes are the best, and the ending of the 2nd one is pretty damn amazing. But the 3rd one drags, and the fourth one isn't much better. Fifth one is very good. I especially like Stellar Skarsgard's character, the uptight bureaucrat that actually weaves his way through the bureaucracy and helps contain the disaster.<br/><br/>Problems. Why show the explosion in the last episode in a flashback? They should have started with that. The miners strolling around naked seemed like HBO saying "we need some nudity here". The animal hunt in the fourth episode is drawn out and really doesn't add anything to the goings on. Plus the hunters' dialogue is pretty poor.<br/><br/>The dialogue throughout the series is either very good or very poor, depending on which character is talking. In the end, the disaster was a combo of incompetence and bad design. The series infers that only the USSR indulged in coverups, but we all know that isn't true. The USSR is lucky that only one reactor exploded, as several of them had the faulty design that was partially to blame for the disaster.<br/><br/>I also disliked the inclusion of Emily Watson's character, who didn't actually exist. She was a combo of real people. Why not show the real heroes? I suspect this was a nod to political correctness, which me no like.<br/><br/>As weird as this sounds, the show could have used some gallows humor. Russians and Eastern Europeans have very dark senses of humor.<br/><br/>Even though the series is five hours, it feels rushed and should have been longer. Still, worth watching. i also learned a lot about nuclear physics. Most people get their knowledge of nuclear plants from Homer Simpson.<br/><br/>And the Russians/Soviets did manage to avert a massive disaster. Yes, it could have been worse. But that doesn't mean much to the million who died :( It's a great work, excellent performance by the cast and great production. Locations, cars, buses (I wonder, where they got all these still operating ancient buses from), ambulancies, wallpaper on the walls, kitchen furniture, doors, baby strollers, phones, hotel lobby, even thermos flask for coffee - everything reminds me of a childhood and in an usettling way gives some kind of haunting feeling of comfort.<br/><br/>I am from Lithuania. Was a child at the time of disaster. My dad was supposed to be called to Chernobyl to join the army of liquidators. But something suddenly changed, and now we have him happy and healthy, which most probably would not have been the case had he actually been called. When I was growing up I had multiple health issues, and each time my mom would get excessively concerned about my thyroid tests. Only later I realized, why. We do not talk about all of that in the family, up to this day. I do not think I will share with parents that I saw this show and how it moved me.<br/><br/>The movie touches deeply and I feel very alone with this feeling - it is too complex to share with anyone. The only thing you can have a nonchalant discussion with someone on is nuclear physics peculiarities which are well explained in the movie. There is nothing else there to be nonchalant about.<br/><br/>That is not the film about the nuclear disaster. That is the film about an era that broke lives and destinies. A time when you had to find ways to survive. Every single day. As a child I remember my mom saying "my life is passing me by". Will never forget those words. Hope, she has forgotten.<br/><br/>I am very happy this show was created and millions of people saw it. The scientific accuracy and the pacing of the plot is very good. The quality of the cast can be easily seen. This series is a must watch for everyone. I am a radiation chemist. I make drugs that selective deliver alpha particle emitters, sometimes gamma. I loved this series. Historical accuracy, style and great acting I am grateful for, but scientific accuracy puts a big smiles on my face. I too have a pair of lead underwear. This is the best serialised drama I've ever watched. Before I started watching it I was hugely sceptical that it would be over-dramatised and unrealistic, and what was the point? - I already know what happened (I'm 55, old enough to remember 1986).<br/><br/>Massively wrong on both counts. Rather than focus exclusively on the mistakes made in the build up to the accident, this is a testament to the heroism of the men and women who prevented this terrible situation escalating into a true global catastrophe. It is a tribute to their sacrifice, some made knowingly, some unknowingly, there are scenes that will remain with me for a long time. Obviously dramatic license is used to amplify the emotion in these scenes, but nevertheless the performances of the main protagonists are uniformly brilliant, moving, powerful.<br/><br/>Finally, the fact that story is true, based closely on real events, in no way diminishes its impact. Even when you know what the outcome is, there is no lack of tension, the standard of writing and acting is so good. There is also no chance of the dreaded second, third, fourth, umpteenth series delivering diminishing returns as the cash cow runs dry. This story is perfectly paced, never losing momentum, no filler.<br/><br/>The only small criticism I would make (but it's still 10 stars) is that the villainous characterisation of the senior reactor technicians is a bit heavy-handed. That does not diminish the enjoyability at all though, it just struck a slightly off note in an otherwise perfect symphony of drama and storytelling. Here is a series of programs detailing one of the most thrilling and deeply harrowing experiences man kind has endured, and, it would be a viewing triumph of story telling were it not for the fact that it is not fiction - it is a factual epitaph to an episode of humans ability to be profoundly stupid.
What so many people had to endure as a result of lies and subterfuge is beyond any mere work of fiction.
The production, acting and re-telling of this entire event is beyond reproach. It is a masterpiece of modern TV.
Be prepared to be at once amazed at incredible bravery and deeply saddened for those who endured such a horrific turn of events. Do not watch unless you intend on staying up all night. I was 10 y old. From Kiev.
The series are outstanding! The best i ve ever seen about USSR from foreign makers.
It reveals the true attitude. I was 12 yo when this happens. I'm absolutely clear remember the atmosphere of lie and horror. Lie in every word in Soviet news program called "Vremya" ("Time", not just "News"). I lived far away from Chernobyl, between Ural and Siberia, but we know what is death. Death was in each yard. Death was in each home. In every small town and village. They were called "Liquidators". The young men who had tickets to one way only. Tickets to death. They can't change anything and we knew it. I knew it even when I was a boy. Now I'm crying. But if you want to know that something changed from 1986 - I don't have any good news for you. They still kill people. Watch this movie carefully if you want to know what happens in Russia now. I was born 20 days after the Chernobyl disaster in Belarus. I am glad that I learned what really happened then and I hope this will never happen again. I want to start this by saying I live in a zone that was mildly affected by Chernobyl so I know from authentic sources (my parents) the atmosphere of that time. The truth is nobody knew what happened and still nobody would know what happened today were it not for a documentary and this show. The magnitude of this event cannot be stressed enough, everyone living on this planet must take the time to watch Chernobyl just to understand a little bit of history, because that history still affects us today.<br/><br/>It's saddening to see that this show is getting review bombed because of die hard fans of other popular shows that don't understand the importance of global awareness and are effectively insulting the memory of the heroes that gave their lives during that time to keep this planet inhabitable. Too bad its a mini series i wish they do more movies like that and good story line like that 👍🏼 Best serial on this year..10 from 10..big respect thank you HBO This show has got it all right. Accurate portrayals of one of the most devastating disaster. Great cinematography. Haunting music. Impeccable dialogues. I was on the edge of my seat the for the entire first episode. The following episodes didn't disappoint either. I will accept this show as an apology form HBO for what they're done to Game of Thrones ending. Highly recommend. Only wished there were more than 5 episodes, because I can't have enough of this! 'Chernobyl' is not about a nuclear plant disaster,but the failure of all mankind. Is about how people sacrifice everything for glory and money.The manipulation of everything revealed in an incredibly creative way. Lies, Cover Up, Interests, Lack of know-how, wrong people in the wrong places, thirst for power. Reading some of the reviews here by people who actually experienced this event and how they appreciated this production says it all.
I remember seeing this as a teenager in the Uk and it being seen as a big news story. But the human tragedy wasn't really there. It was miles away and no-one really knew what was going on in communist Soviet Union.
But watching episode 4 tonight I don't know what hit home more - soldiers hunting and shooting the domestic pets left behind, the immense bravery of untrained Russian troops clearing the roof, or the fact the Soviet government cared more about protecting its image than its people.
Hats off to the show and the people it represented If there is one series to watch this year, it is Chernobyl. Don't delay, watch it now and enjoy. If you unironically rate this lower than 9/10, your ability to review series on this site should be revoked. There are people rating it 1/10, who are these people? Are they created in a lab by a mad scientist? Having worked in nuclear power station when this accident happened it's scary. I know that USSR used different types of reactors and they said it could not happen here but you see what them in power let the people know. Grab your iodine tables. By spreading a very realistic approach and non fictional imaginary to what happened in episode 4 , You deeply realize the proportion of the catastrophe of 20th century Everything is perfect. You really feel like youre there. Its so real. What an amazing story, the most terrifying aspect of this series is that is was real :(
Incredible actors, impecable storyline, they deserve all the good credits they are receiving, please watch it. The lead actors should all receive awards. This is an important reminder that during crisis, humanity and sacrifice will rise to fight through the adversity, but an all powerful state will always fight to protect itself and the statists to protect themselves. Quite possibly the most intense and powerful drama I've seen on television to date! Could also be the best as well... I've never been so obsessed about something in my life like I'm obsessed about Chernobyl now. It's shocking, scary, amazing and wonderful. The first episode got me to tears, thinking about everyone involved and all those people... As the show progresses I am getting adapted, and it gets easier for me - however - it's an amazing show, historically accurate with great educational value. It took me back through time and got me thinking... I watched several documentary TV shows on this subject dealing with how and why. But this TV show is about catastrophe itself and the aftermath. I love it! HBO has produced a masterpiece which will be around for a long long time. As I watched the 2nd episode I kept thinking the Russkies were a bunch of incompetent boobs who almost lost a big portion of mankind. But then I got to thinking, what would I have done had I been in their place. That's what is really scary. Asking ordinary people to address a mankind ending situation. Wow. I hope another nuclear plant is never built.<br/><br/>Edit #1 Jared Harris was absolutely superb in the last episode when he explained how and why the explosion occurred. I understood, in a layman's way, what happened. Was this actual testimony or did a writer write this? I think Harris deserves all types of rewards for his performance. Whoever approved this show knew what they were doing. This is a story that simply could not be told in a 1.5-3 hour movie. There is far too much to condense.
From the first episode I was sucked back into 1980's Eastern Europe. Apart from the accents (which to be honest are necessary, subtitles would have taken my eyes away from the incredible visuals), the level of details is outstanding. The effort of the production designers of this show should be applauded. And the visual effects - they are flawless.
The acting, the pacing, the characters - everything about this show is 10 star. If you have any interest in modern history or just good drama, do not overlook this show. 10 out of 10.
As Game of Thrones comes to an end, the future is looking brighter than ever for HBO! I'm Polish and I was only 3 years old when this tragedy happened, all I remember was beautiful sunny weather and all the kids were kept inside homes with windows closed we also got to drink the lugol's solution after the Chernobyl disaster to replace and block any intake of radioactive substances, funny thing but still remeber this ugly taste. Nowadays after 3 decades people are having health issues like cancer or other terminal diseases that noone is talking about. The bad thing about this disaster was that noone informed the globe of aftermath of this disaster.
The huge misinformation led to death of many, still there is absolutely no information of the real number of victims! We can only imagine and estimate how huge impact it had on the people of sourrounding areas! This September I will pay a visit to the very place and see the dead cities of Prypyat and Chernobyl.
This miniseries is very important material to all the people!
Nicely done HBO I'm waiting for the next episode. 3.6, not great not terrible!
<ul><li>Anatoly Diatlov</li></ul><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>Only joking! 10 out of 10! I was 8 years old when the Chernobyl disaster occurred, I remember watching the news and the coverage of it; but I never fully comprehended how close humanity came to wiping ourselves out. It was not until much later in my life that I became fascinated by the disaster.
This show is almost all exposition, it beats you over the head with the plot, but the dialog is so genius, the atmosphere is absolutely perfect. A higher standard for television could not be set, and if it could; this show would smash that expectation. My children are absolutely enthralled by the show are eagerly count down the days until we get a new episode. This will definitely be an addition to my home collection to be enjoyed for as long as we can. You watch the first episode and think to your self: " WOOW! Such a dark, haunting and unsettling story line, wonderfully dark and mysterious locations, such great acting from both experienced and amateur actors!" But suddenly you realize it is more than 90 percent based on real events, and that's when you understand you are watching a wonderful TV Show. I can say good job HBO for bringing this masterpiece into life. It's hard to believe the Chernobyl disaster occurred over three decades ago, it seems like it was just yesterday. When it hit the news back in 1986, and being far removed from the Ukraine, it didn't have the same kind of impact on one's consciousness as watching this film and seeing how the Russian government, it's scientists, and everyday people reacted to the terrible news. Presented as a five part HBO mini-series, "Chernobyl" follows an exacting time line to present what led up to the explosion of the nuclear reactor, and details in easy enough to understand language the mistakes that were made that contributed to the disaster. That's especially borne out in the final chapter when scientist Valery Legasov (Jared Harris) states his summary to a Russian court, driven to tell the truth despite the potential repercussions of revealing government complicity in cutting corners and hiding errors. At times, the scenes of radiation impacted victims look like they derive from a horror movie, and a particularly poignant Episode Four focuses on Russian soldiers dispatched to shoot and kill any animals, wild or domestic, that survive in the contamination zone, in order to prevent the spread of disease. Some astounding figures are mentioned regarding the eventual clean up effort, taking three years and seven hundred fifty thousand men!!! to contain the area around Chernobyl and it's principal location of Pripyat in the Ukraine. Not mentioned in the story is the fact that the present day exclusion zone surrounding Chernobyl extends nineteen miles in all directions, and is largely uninhabited except for about three hundred residents who refuse to leave (there's always someone, isn't there?). For an event that captured the world's attention in 1986, this is an excellent documentary that captures the magnitude and horror of human error and miscalculation that led to one of history's worst disasters. "Chernobyl" broadly excels it two things: in the technical aspect, aided by its meticulous and extensive research, lack of fear of getting bogged down in the minutia etc; and in presenting well-written, engaging characters, aided by its compelling, talented cast. It broadly fails in one thing: be a series about the Soviet Union.<br/><br/>The Chernobyl accident, its liquidation and investigation of its causes are described in detail. It is easy to pick up many details about the operation of a nuclear reactor or the cleanup of a nuclear accident's aftermath. It's similarly easy to pick up some things about how the Soviet Union operated, how various officials interacted between each other and with the population. And while the former trivia category seems to be broadly correct, the latter is broadly of the comic-book variety, presenting the 1980's USSR as a land still stuck in the 1930s with threats of execution, worries about execution and wanton callousness and incompetence making up the majority of one's daily concerns or activities. Many have elaborated in more detail, including Leonid Bershidskiy in The Moscow Times or Masha Gessen elsewhere, and I recommend taking a look at their articles and keeping them in mind watching the series.<br/><br/>Additionally, I'm not too keen on the vast temporal disconnect between the two "control room" episodes - the 1st episode is more confusing than it needs to be without the context of the last one, although the investigation culminating in the trial does present a nice narrative structure, I suppose. So, from the very first episode, this series has practically tied me to the sofa. I watched the first four episodes in a row, the fifth I had to wait for the release. Otherwise, I would have devoured even the fifth episode. Story should be well known. But what the makers have done here is actually indescribable. An incredible dense and oppressive atmosphere and you actually feel with the protagonists. The unbelievable suffering of this tragedy is practically tangible and will not let you go. It makes you think about what not everything could have happened. A very clear recommendation and the ten stars are more than fair. Hello, im from Russia. Thank you for this serial. Bravo!!! This could be THE best ever television production.
Flawlessly cast. I'm now a massive Jared Harris fan.
Flawlessly filmed and the script is the best I can recall
Wonderfully entertaining and terrifying in its implications.
A MUST SEE! I lived 1986 as a child, the Chernobyl catastrophe. All Europe was panicked. Willing not to show that Russian reactors are risky USSR has hidden the catastrophe in the early days. This has led to a disaster. Continuing Russian reactors are in operation!
Increased cancer in Europe is due to this fact. The movie is a masterpiece against communist lies, a warning, a cry for future generations.<br/><br/>RIP for people who have given life in Chernobyl to limit disastrous effects. The series touched me deeply. Although I was born and raised in the Soviet Union, no one has ever before depicted the catastrophe to me this way.<br/><br/>The movie itself stroke me with its authenticity, despite numerous soviet regime exaggerated moments and some miner details as plastic windows, this, so far, is the most realistic western made movie about soviet live I have ever seen.<br/><br/>To address the title - some of the Russian media are trying to undermine the movie by poinig out inaccuracies, well 'nice try', but too short of making any sensible dent in the picture's value. These reviews only show how naive people are... And how easy it is to manipulate them as long as you can make a good movie :)<br/><br/>Movie contains a lot of fake events, persons, accidents for extra dramma... Out of THOUSANDS of people working around the reactors about 100 shown any sings of radiation damage to their health. For over 20 years exactly 34 people of this group died... Almost half of them died for reasons not connected to the "disaster" iteself (car accidents etc.).<br/><br/>Showing a helicopter crushing due to radiation was the most annoying scene I guess - you can check the original videos: the helicopter hit the crane with it's wing.<br/><br/>According to witnesses there were several people on the bridge and they all survived watching the "explosion" of the reactor. If 95%+ of the reactor workers survived, how could all the people on the brigde die? That's such nonsense...<br/><br/>Russians left no workers inside the reactor - they carried all the living people outside.<br/><br/>The explosion wasn't even half as big as the show presented.<br/><br/>I could go on and on... But it has no point. People just saw a movie and they gonna believe it's accurate without any further investigation because that's how most people think: it looks good then it must be truth... This is one of the best TV series I ever seen in my life This a great mini-series to brighten up your spirits if you didn't like GoT season 8. Fantastic acting and fantastic details. 10/10 Charles Pellegrino says:
"Had Mary Shelley or Edgar Allan Poe been born into the mid-twentieth century, they would never have had to invent horror."<br/><br/>This is a #must_see, TV mini-series, for everybody on this planet, to prevent this horror from happening again. I don't give good reviews normally but I Just love this ! Its just the best way they could have told the story, slow smoldering just a deep fear grips you when you watch, you feel panic, They tell the story so you can see why people failed and how it could have devistated half of Europe.....The scenes and costumes....best thing I have seen in years. 2 episodes I in just hope the rest are as good. Well done Sky. Enjoy people Astonishing. Mind-Blowing. Captivating til sheer diesbelief. Just one of the best series-opener we'll ever be able to witness.<br/><br/>HBO, writer Craig Mazin (Hangover(!) wut!) and Director Johan Renck (Breaking Bad, 'Hermanos') made something possible everybody thought will stay forever in the own imagination of everybody, capturing the most horrible accident happened in the last 50 years on celluloid, or whatever tf Hollywood's using today.<br/><br/>I'm born in '88 and since school I've always been fascinated in an almost morbidly and unhealthy way about everything that happened back then, but the first episode definitely cleared out all white spaces I had: how it looked, how it must've been felt, you actually FEEL like you're sitting inside the control room when 'it' hits the fan - fear is literally crawling up your spine.
Something we never really talk about are the heroes pictured in this episode, the fearless firefighters of Pripyat and the surrounding cities, the reason you're able to live today in Europe are these brave men who gave their life to prevent a much worse catastrophe. 'Chernobyl' is giving these brave men finally a face and we should be HBO thankful for that.<br/><br/>The pace is already immensly accelerating and you almost forget to breath at some point, for me, and crossreading some other reviews, I'm apparently not the only one 'loving' this show, like I said, in a morbid way...<br/><br/>Knowing it's produced by HBO and SKY where money doesn't matter at this point I expect nothing more than probably the best 5 hours 'Tour de Force' TV ever spit out in the last couple of years, this could be MASSIVE so don't miss out on this jewel in the making!<br/><br/>A++++++++<br/><br/>
Edit: After 3 episodes it's clear, this is something of the best ever created for TV and some of the cast and production are aiming for all prices and everything else... I liked the show, but don't quite understand the hype. This is an interesting mini series and there is some good acting, but my husband fell asleep several times. I can understand why, because after the first episode it really is quite slow with a lot of talking. There are parts that drag, and the variety of accents is a bit odd. Once you notice that, it's hard not to notice it. Overall, a good show as long as your expectations aren't out of the world. This series is terrifying real and lets you forgett that you actually watch a series.
It feels like real life.
I can't say anything bad about it, because there isn't.
Stunning performances, perfect writing and lot more...<br/><br/>Chernobyl is a masterpiece. This show is absolutely brilliant and worth every bit of hype it has received. I'm late to the party as it has been out for a while at this point, but had I known, I would have worn a hazmat suit while watching cause it was so well put together that I felt like I was getting radiation poisoning just by watching it. I have done a fair amount of research on what happened at Chernobyl.<br/><br/>We discusssed the accident in our chemistry coursework: My friend from Ukraine says the strawberries were the size of watermelons, and while this wasn't depicted in the film, the tragedy of what happened there on that night and the days, weeks, months that followed, seem to have been faithfullly recreated.<br/><br/>This miniseries is great, and of course it is not a happy subject to cover. I have only one episode left the watch. After it is done maybe HBO could re-create the Fukushima disaster. They did a great job on Chernobyl.<br/><br/>The series was even better than what I could have imagined in terms of faithfully representing the horrors that unfolded after such a tragedy that could possibly have been prevented. I think I was in tears during the first episode watching what the firefighters were headed in to.<br/><br/>Any country in the world thinking of continuing, starting, or maintaining any sort of nuclear anything should be required to watch this film, so they remain cognizant of what the consequences could be.<br/><br/>It would, or should force anyone who dares to think that nuclear power, nuclear anything...to think twice about the serious risks of what is technology carried over from a military weapons program. 33 years after the catastrophic disaster of Chernobyl nuclear plant in Russia , HBO comes up with a mini-series , dramatizing the true story of one of the worst man-made catastrophes in history. The miniseries focuses on the nuclear plant disaster that occurred in Soviet Ukraine in April 1986, revealing how and why it happened, and telling the stories of those people who helped and died in tackling the disaster, and the Soviet cover up.<br/><br/>Directly from E01 , the series gots it's speed as it starts on the day of the disaster. There are few moments of the series where they had to break down everything , we are not a Nuclear Scientist , we are just audience . They had to break down to the audience what Fission is, about RBMk Reactor, what a nuclear reactor does , what radiation does & they just simply does that , and the end of those monologues you understand how thing works . They gives as a vision of almost every thing . This show is a graphic thing , seems very real when you watch . One genius of thing this show does is that graphic thing , in E03 that hospital scene , those bodies , those make-ups . The pain seemed real , Radiation Positioning might not have looked that real before on screen . The tension building , sound of that geiger counter leaves audience attached to it .<br/><br/>However the theme must be acknowledged it how lack of information , mis-information leads to the bad thing & ofcourse the manipulations of USSR .<br/><br/>The final episode , Vichnaya Pamyat (currently rated 9.9 on IMDb) , shows us a captivating court thing , all of it lining up together . That's how the system works . It solves every question that the tragedy created , how a RBMK reactor core explodes to how AZ-5 button works .<br/><br/>Jared Harris & Stellan Skarsgard delivers the best acting one could ever ask for. It makes thing more relatable . The acting , the background music , the story telling , entertains you with never lossing sight of the tragedy .<br/><br/>It was a perfect tribute . On first viewing this excellent and entertaining show I have it full marks.
I believed it to be a scientifically accurate account of the disaster.
It spurred me to do my own research on the subject and it transpires that too much of the show is over dramatised unfortunately.
It's left me feeling a bit duped really. I was 9 but still remember that evening TV news broadcast when an anchor announced that an incident at Chernobyl had happened. My parents said "no big deal, just 2 people injured" and we moved on with our daily routines in Minsk. The authenticity of detail in a (shot in West) movie amazed me: apartments interior, vehicles and their license plates, font and language of inscriptions, clothing and uniform, even knitted children's mittens pattern - all genuinely bringing back my Soviet childhood. The only false thing that I spotted was plastic window frames in apartment buildings. But what I didn't realize in 1986 and which is greatly exposed in the series is how the country was run: rotten through communist party system on the one hand and ordinary people sacrificing their lives to save the world on the other. Hats off to the film crew from Soviet Canadian (who could've imagined back then). I have never done a 'review' here yet but after seeing HBO's advert on english television about how Chernobyl is the "highest rated tv show on imdb", I thought I'd take a look at some of the reviews here. I have seen the first 3 episodes of Chernobyl so far (because that's as many that have aired so far), and I am really enjoying it albeit the weird mixed British accents do put me off quite badly sometimes. I am, however, not going to rate it until I have seen the whole thing. Reading through the reviews here, you'd think the entire series is some god-sent best series in the entire history of the world, but I assure you it's not nearly as good as the likes of Sopranos or Breaking bad or even Game of Thrones.. I am quite tempted to start calling fake on a lot of these reviews because it just seems so bizarre that they would shout so much praise before the series has finished.. Also, it's only going to be 6 episodes long, so HBO calling it a "tv show" is a bit of a stretch in my opinion.<br/><br/>So, to those of you who are suspicious of the current rating of 9.7, you should be. It is most likely to be an almost entirely fabricated promotion with a ton of spin-doctored reviews and ratings. I'll give it a tentative 7/10 right now but let's not get too excited yet, eh? One of those peaks of narrative art where you think you know the basics of the plot but you realize that that's not the main thing. The main thing is the humanity, the care, the emotion that went into every word of the script, every angle of the camera, every intonation of the actors, every note of the original music score.<br/><br/>And every word left unsaid but felt.<br/><br/>Truly incredible. I don't even have words to describe it. It was as if I were there. May be the best mini-series of all time. During my college days I had given a presentation on Chernobyl disaster, that driven to watch this, the way it was directed and written in simplest terms of understanding I think every human being should watch this to know what happened on the night of April 26 1986.Kudos to HBO,sisters,mighty mint for bringing this alive Being the daughter of a Ukrainian in the UK Who got to visit his homeland again in 1992 and who visited Pripyat at that time, with no safety gear, and who came home and after six weeks later was from cancer I was compelled to watched. A few days later, having watched the final episode I am still raving about it.
Watching Chernobyl was amazing. I have been terrified, scared, had my eyes hidden by my hands while still compelled to watch, I have cried a lot, I have laughed out loud too (remembering dad and his attitude mainly towards officials and the 'this is our lot, let's get on with it' ...). The depiction of their quirks, Its authenticity to that era (went to Kyiv in 1983 myself), the buildings, the clothes, the food; a slab of rye bread and a ring of salami being eaten with a hunting knife then placed back on their person. It also shows the heroics of Ukrainian people who risked their lives and the future quality of life they would have to stop the disaster being greater than it was, all whilst being fuelled by vodka and carried on a haunting but amazing soundtrack. Sure there's some poetic licence but not much ... While some facts are bended (Plant staff actions and responsibility, for example) to make plot more interesting - it is highly realistic and close to real story. Main idea is secretive government who nearly turned Europe into uninhabitable radioactive desert, and common people, who did everything to stop that from happening, and who were forgotten lately. This movie is the best monument to their heroic deed.
Also is a person who remembers those times, I was surprised by attention to details - movie really looks like it was filmed in USSR 30 years ago. When i saw first episode i couldn't stop watching others. I usually hate movies and series with old stuffs but this one is an exception Absolutely amazing. Something everyone should watch Without any doubt the most well directed tv series I've seen. I always read reviews on here where people make an account just to leave a review on a show they really love. Well I've done just that to write my review. Chernobyl is simply one of the best television series I have ever seen. Where do I start? This show is incredible. Only watched two episodes so far. And I usually don't review tv shows but I had to write a review for this. The plot is based on something awful which really happened. The actors are phenomenal. The writing is so good. And the cinematography and direction has surpassed all of my expectations. Of course it has to be a big budget miniseries considering the way it has been shot and the set design and every visual detail and props. I mean I'm doubtful if big Hollywood studios can make a film this good. Considering it's a TV series and that too on HBO I have to admit HBO excels at most of its shows. They don't churn out mediocre shows like Netflix but when they do you're going to witness something awesome. 10/10 A Must watch! The first time I see a series that freezes my blood. I do not know if there are other words to describe it. I was born 5 years after the accident I am scared and only thinking of the feelings of the people who lived it. Shame to all politics and hail to the heroes who worked at the risk of their lives to save millions of other lives. Thank you. Never been so nervous watching a TV show before...it's tragic and raw, but people have to know what happened there, have to know the implications of mishandling nuc energy and see real people suffering in order to humanize the event: one thing is reading about it... another is seeing, even when it is only fictional, can be very powerful. Intense, authentic, great acting. This series is truly amazing. Every episode has exceeded my expectations. Can highly recommend this. Watched both episodes yesterday and I had to make a review.<br/><br/>The storytelling cannot be matched by over shows due to chernobyl being real. I was in awe of the story, the way the disaster has been portrayed and how good the soundtrack is that acomppanies the tense viewing.<br/><br/>10/10<br/><br/>Cannot wait for the next episode The atmosphere! It's like you are there, watching the actually event taking place. A must see for anyone remotely interested in history or wanting to be emotionally drawn into the screen and just forget about things around you (even the mobile phone) for one hour during each episode... Its that good! Such a masterpiece already and only 2 episodes in. Without spoiling anything its just so unnerving and mind boggling how far the Soviets were prepared to lie to cover their own backsides, but prepared to sacrifice millions of lives at the same time. The acting is so good in parts that you want to reach into the screen and slap some of the characters. A must watch for all Perfectly acted and gripping from the start. OK the characters aren't speaking with Russian accents, but you quickly get over it, and once you do you're in for a captivating watch. Nobody wants to be entertained by such a disastrous human tradegy, but this show reminds the viewer of how naive, ignorant and dangerous humans can be and the threat we pose to ourselves and the planet. The series is no longer about the very tragedy of the station, but about the human tragedy, and the tragedy within the system, in which so many non-wine people are involved! The series deserves attention, perfectly filmed! Now everyone knows what kind of disaster this nuclear explosion is, but the people at that time did not know. This play is not exaggerating, and even deliberately avoiding dramatization. Everything is done according to whether or not it appears on the screen. After the nuclear explosion, the low efficiency of information transmission among various departments and the blind confidence of the government whitewash Taiping's performance are too real. The opening was very good. In the monitored environment, with a very ceremonial sense of death, it was a revolt against the institutionalized bureaucracy of the authorities. Time is very important. The time of suicide is the same as that of the disaster. Transition, another daily scene, is about to break. The most ironic scene is that men in the distance comfort women. Women say the nuclear power plant is beautiful. In slow motion, children run and play in the radioactive dust. Lies are just like this, beautiful and cruel. A brutal show to watch, but what a great mini-series this was, Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard were outstanding. Go Watch now if you haven't already! This is perhaps the greatest series I've watched alongside Band of brothers. How I look at a series can have an impact on you is how real it all feels inside a world that has been created by some exceptional people. Prior to watching Chernobyl, I had read about the accident that occurred in 1986, had a good insight of the dangers of radiation which is like an unseeable enemy, you can neither see it nor smell it , I knew about the damage it did to the animal life and human displacement and all about the heroic feats of the firefighters and the miners. This is why I had an even more interest in watching this show and it didn't disappoint not for even a frame, this series is just perfection.<br/><br/>Boris and Legasov's relationship is something you see grow each and every second, from being a little weary of one another to respecting each other, you just want them to keep succeeding. Boris' evolution over time as the episodes furthered is something which is outstandingly played by Stellan, initially we see a man who's not interested and just wants to get the job done but over time he realises that the job requires something more and the character's evolution from thereon is just exceptional!<br/><br/>Many a times during the show I wanted to hit myself in the head after seeing some of the most stupidest decions a human can make, corruption, negligence, lies,incompetence it's all just in one place. This is where the show shines, in showing the true side of a human nature, why worry about something that isn't going to happen? It's real story which most of the people don't know actually and it's has been shown very nicely I can't remember honestly how many of my friends or family have been recommended by me to check this show out. And to my surprise many were stumped by how well it's filmed and the gripping storyline baffles everyone. My first thought after the first episode was how in the world I hadn't seen it before and the fear that makers intended to transcend to viewers. This 5 part mini-series is an account of the horrific disaster that happened on April, 26th 1986. I am sure that you know about the catastrophe, but this series gives you the details that you possibly didn't know. It shows decisions that were taken, before, during and after that had massive impacts on the timeline of destruction. The series follows the accounts of men and woman's journey from the impact of that number 4 reactor. Valery Legasov (played by Jared Harris) is a Soviet scientist that was put onto a task-force that needed to find the cause of Why? And How? And Who is responsible or was it accidental. He is commandeered by Boris Shcherbina (played by Stellan Skarsgard), the man who was chosen to lead the investigation. We see how the employees from the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant reacted to the events that were transpiring around them. We see heroism as they try to save one another. We also see how the emergency services are called in, and that they were totally unprepared for their encounter with a nuclear power plant fire (hardly any PPE was seen). We also take a look at how the residents of the nearby city of Pripyat were awoken by the sound of the explosion, and the tremor that came from the shock-wave of the power as buildings and the Earth shook. They are very unaware of what they are doing as they are seen gathering together and watching the "beautiful colours" from the fire, that can be seen from reactor.
I really did enjoy finding out the "truth" that is the Chernobyl Nuclear Disaster, i was shocked at the way things happened and completely engrossed in seeing the outcome, even though i do remember this happening, but not hearing such in-depth analysis. The screenplay was outstanding, and i know i have only mentioned 2 of the cast, all of them were perfect for the roles that they were given. If you haven't seen this then i would definitely recommend that you do. It is only 5 episodes long and each one tells very important parts with the intensity that it deserves. Most people know the story of Chernobyl... yet the way the series was done had me transfixed to the screen ! I had watch the Serie in one night,The story grabs you incredibly strong, I didn't think about it for several days after the series ended<br/><br/>You should have seen it!!! Educating, shocking, upsetting. So sad. Very well done and definitely worth watching I strongly recommend this show, the main message for me is that communication is the essence for competent management. Absolutely amazing series! I have been interested in the Chernobyl disaster for many years, and this project fascinated me with everything. Realities, brilliant actors, atmosphere ... At the moment it's unthinkable for me to have one evening without watching at least one episode, so I'm going the whole series for the third time:-) Thank you to everyone who participated in this series! Another amazing season from HBO after Game of thrones, I think HBO tries to challenge movies. The season is so amazing that it will hook us in just intial few minutes. Definitely the best season of 2019. They definitely have invested a good chunk of money to make this show awesome. What a fantastic and fascinating series it is! Just unbelievable and one of the best ever tv show. It will just stuck in you head. Awesome show which stays back in your head for good The most heart-wrenching documentary I've seen in a while. Deeply engaging! Having been fascinated by the Chernobyl disaster since my teens, I took a trip in 2018 to see for myself and did a tour of Pripyat and the Exclusion Zone. The tour was life-changing and my imagination ran wild trying to see all the images in my head - the chaos in the control room, the explosion itself, the immediate aftermath and then the painstaking cleanup process. And then two months later, this series came out...<br/><br/>It captured the horrors more vividly than I could've imagined. The humanity, the relationships, the emotions are portrayed with such depth that this series had me mesmerised from start to finish. The script, the acting, the sets are PERFECT. A true modern masterpiece retelling the story of the worst nuclear accident in history. Haunting, Beautiful and Unforgettable. What's the cost of lies?
Every time we lie, we owe the truth a debt I know may be m late on watching the tv series but I m totally satisfied with this series. The name Chernobyl...I knew it from my student life but after watching this series I came to know the reasons, the political consequences and the aftermath of the disaster.
Direction is brilliant as the cast . Throughout all d episodes the thrill was intact and Last one is a bomb !!!
Without doubt I recommend everyone to go for this and try to know the reason of the catastrophe and the dramatic consequences in social life of Chernobyl.... I don't have something to say for the first time, just WOW! I couldn't stop pausing the series right after some of the unbelievable facts had been shown or said by the characters in the series, searching if they made that bigger then they were, for the sake of entertainment.<br/><br/>Most Times they didnt... and thats what scared me most. Excellent catastrophy drama around the Cernobyl. It can be discussed wether it was 100% true-to-life accurate on state-level, "behind the scenes" play and cover ups might have been more or less dirty. But this was a believable close to human drama around the horrific nuclear accident. Highly Informative, I just loved the science talk ,the flow of events
Well written, well executed , great cast
Chapeau bas 👏👏 Fantastic series .. its so good and heartbreaking story and the last episode was so emotional This is a picture of the fact that in most disasters it can be the same. Only behind the scenes is always hidden from the public, this mini-series shows the world behind the scenes of one of the world's tragedies, a world that can be the same behind the scenes of most tragedies in the world. Although we can't imagine ourselves in that tragedy, this series was able to show it in the best possible way, as it was able to burn our hearts... Even in this not easy time Chernobyl helped me to understand what happened in the old USSR. It's the same problem with the actual virus. I was very impressed by the so authentic sceneries and atmosphere adapted for the late 80ies in this six part mini series. Congratulations to the creator Johan Renck for this masterpiece that is based on true events. In fact each sequence and character is accurately studied in each detail never seen for a long while before in other movies. . I just felt to be live in that nuclear nightmare. It took me completely in this country that had to pay a high humanity price. I hope that it will serve for an unforgettable lesson.
All the actors played Oscar worthy, especially Stellan Skarsgard and Jared Harris. Bravo and thank you very much.
It merits a solid 9/10 and I will add it in my dvd collection. Must see. It's a must watch show.
I never watched GOT in my whole life.
But just rewatched this show twice.
Great casting, great make up, staging one of the best cgi I've ever seen and great story after all. The "dog" part of the series is less strong and what keeps this from being a perfect ten. Still excellent, well worth watching.and highly recommended. In 1986, I was young, but I remember how this disaster and its provisional consequences were expressed... How many countries were in panic and hundreds of thousands had to leave their homes. But as some other big events followed soon and perestroika had not really begun, all this somehow faded away for me.<br/><br/>As for series, I am usually not into these with the results well known, if so, there should be fine actors and intermediary focusing on other issues and relations. As in Chernobyl, with lots of episodes unknown to me, and actors like Jared Harris, Stellan Skarsgård, Emily Watson never disappoint. The inclusion of performers from different countries and depiction of real characters brings this production to the higher level.<br/><br/>To those who say most of it was hyperbolised to "discredit the Soviet Union", then, however, the background is often nicer as it was then (most of scenes were filmed in present Lithuania and I could see that some yards, houses were not as shabby as they used to). Nevertheless, the creators have tried and succeeded, although it is hardly a series you would watch over and over - it is painful, as lot of misery would have been avoided if the public order was different; the knowledge was there, but as totalitarian regimes prefer pleasant appearance to human life, then such tragic is inevitable - sooner or later. One of the best shows ever made! Love it because it has only 4 episodes, but everything is said it that short amount of time! Well done HBO.
Even our history books don't cover the entire truth as it did with this Mini Series.
We all have an obligation to watch this!
The collapse of the good for nothing Soviet Union, is unfortunately justified by the Chernobyl Disaster..
May God bless your soul and grant you paradise, the late Valery Legasov, ameen. You rarely come across watching a show like this. A brilliant balance of putting a historic crisis in midst of national, individual and community lenders. A must watch. Very well edited, directed and acted. The rhythm is fast paced, keeps you on edge all the time even though you know in essence the broad story from history books Great screen play and cinematography.These series give you the realisation of human life. You have to watch it , amazing work
cinematography , acting , details and everything This is the best mini series i have ever seen. It simply was mind blowing. It shows you how lies can make reality more terrifieng than imaginatian . A brilliant show with great suspense and very well written drama This is one of the best TV serials i have ever watched in my entire life. I got deeply connected with the story, with the lives of affected people, how they suffered and how negligence played layed havoc on the lives of many. The storyline is just incredible What a thought-provoking miniseries! I think where the hopelessness lies is not that they had no access to the truth, but the fact that for multiple reasons: ideology, reputation...such a majority refused to wake up to it out there. Such a sorrow that the truth-teller ended up suiciding, and so many innocent lives got embroiled in the catastrophe. The lie shouldn't have been debunked in this way! Ok, it's also a great topic, and a brave thing to put on TV, a series about a nuclear accident, so not at all popcorn escapist fare. I admire the series creators and HBO for having the courage to put money behind this.<br/><br/>And yes, the recreation of Soviet Ukraine is brilliant, the details and colours. It's nostalgic and just brilliantly made. And the evocation of the accident itself is also fantastic, you just can't see where the CG was used, at all. It's so good.<br/><br/>But the acting! I always knew these three as good actors (Watson, Skarsgard, Harris), but honestly after seeing this I feel like they're great. And I guess working together, with a great script and real stories, they've really had a place to shine. Every scene is great, no gimmickry, just brilliant and subtle emotional communication. Love it! From a film makers angle, serial is numero uno & audience love it. From a historical perspective, I don't know as I wasn't there. It's always tricky, isn't it making a real life event motion picture that concerns both nation interest & intelligence.
The only aspect one finds off beat is crowd belonging to Chernobyl speak ukrainian not english. Channel like HBO with infinite resources could have managed. But it's quite understandable as finding fine actors speaking native language could be a challenge. I'm Polish, I was 6 years old when my whole family had to go to our countryside doctor's office to drink iodine... The series is so beautiful and haunting at the same time, painful to watch, but so eye-opening. I have never seen anything like this before. We finished watching it last night. I could not sleep afterwards, thinking about how much worse it could have developed, how much suffering was caused by human stupidity and political ideology. Some scenes are more horrifying than any horror movies - because you know that this happened! This movie should become part of history classes curricula everywhere in the world. Not to scare people of nuclear power, but to show how far ideological brainwashing and human mistakes can go. Chernobyl is based on the Nuclear power plant that blew up in Chernobyl and man is it scary and brutal. It's absolutely amazing what these people did to prevent the situation from getting any worse than it already is. Literally every single thing is perfect about this series and if you haven't watched this then what are you doing. You are not only missing out on one of the best miniseries of alltime but, also a huge piece in history. Defiantly a 10/10 if not higher. Arrogant engineers deny serious accidents, fanatical politicians block the city and news, innocent and innocent children play in the dust of the explosion, and hell comes to chernobyl. After schiendler's list this is another amazing work which will have long term impact in our memories.<br/><br/>Also, After watching this I realise why the world hates communist so much..... Felt pity for people of these countries... The rhythm is steady, the multi-line narrative is clear, the performance has no trace, the lens language is rich. I still think this theme is old, but after watching it, I can't help but sigh that it's still HBO. The result, based on documentary literature and declassified material, is a simple truth that can shake the soul, full of fear, a fear of despair, many scenes are familiar, but we are still very close to that fear after all this time This mini tv series is a form of dedication to all of those people who risked and sacrificed their lives to save the lives of others. Some people will be taught first aid tips in the event of radiation exposure: move underground, remove contaminated cloth, wear a respiratory mask, have KI (potassium iodide) to block absorbed radioactive elements in the human body. Many people died, however, the TV memory of these events gives powerful recognition to the truth of what happened and what we have learned. I have known about the Chernobyl disaster for a very long time now, I remember people telling me about it when I was young but never really gave it much thought other than that it was a really big deal and that it happened somewhere in Russia. I grew up right after 9/11 so I have known what real tragedy looks like and just how exactly people are affected by it. I did start to research the Chernobyl disaster when I was a teenager and saw a few documentaries on the events and the lead up to the explosion and just how it could have been prevented. Also seeing the hell so many people were put through being sent inside the reactor to close the water pipes to prevent the reactor from going into total meltdown stopping anymore escaping radiation. The whole story of the lead up to the explosion is very chilling and makes your stomach lurch on just how many basic laws of trust were broken in the final years of the Soviet Union.<br/><br/>When I heard about this show being made I was sceptical but intrigued on how HBO we're going to make a faithful seiries on such an infamous disaster that haunts yet interests people to the present day. The town of Chernobyl and Pripyat itself has now become a tourist location where many people travel to experience a town that was mass evacuated and what radioactive decay affects its surrounding environment.<br/><br/>The first thing I realised is that this was not a documentary but instead a retelling of the disaster and just the extent of the cleanup that was involved and the investigation that followed afterward. It shows the extent radiation sickness<br/><br/>The production value of this show is so good and so well thought out and planned that it shows you the full scope of exactly what happened. The whole power test sequence was filled with so much tension and detail showing every desicion that was made. It's only 8 episodes long but every single one tells an accurate and emotional story of the extent of the disaster and exactly what happened<br/><br/>In terms of quality and acuraccy to the event I give it a perfect 10 but I also find it strange how this show now stands at #1 on best TV list for being such dark and haunting show on one of the worst man made disasters in history. You would think something much happier and light hearted would be up here This show was done so well. The detail the story the acting. Simply amazing.<br/><br/>It's also very very scary in the information most may not have known.<br/><br/>It's been a long time till I've seen something that had so much impact. Simply brilliant and well deserved the high ratings. The way they are flowing in the process of the story is TREMENDOUS Phenomenal from start to finish. The acting, the writing, the cinematography, the score... everything. A landmark for television. Great acting, great visuals , great everything. This is one of the best piece of TV making ever created. You actually feel like you're there. This sets new benchmarks. Unmissable. I have never felt so emotionally moved by a TV-series and right from episode 1. People who complain about how long each episode are, should be frankly be sl*pped in the face. Go watch your Netflix children series why don't you.<br/><br/>The atmosphere in each scene of this series is so dense, you could cut it with a knife. Very quickly you are thrown into the story as if it was happening for real and in real time: "A nuclear power plant just blew up, what do we now??!" The last time I was glued to TV like that was during 9/11.<br/><br/>Jared Harris should get many awards for this. I loved the accent and attitude of the coal miners a lot. I am so happy the director/producers selected regional actors up and down UK (maybe) to represent their Russian counterparts.<br/><br/>Many parts of each 1h episode made me very emotional. It is a human tragedy beyond belief. A first of its kind on planet earth (back then). My thoughts and prayers go to all brave Russians who gave their life to contain the nuclear fallout. May god bless your souls. Rest in peace. When i watch a tv series, twice ... in the same week! unbelievable! THIS is a masterpiece! GG HBO! I still remember 1986 and the consequences the Chernobyl disaster had for large parts of Europe. Here in the Netherlands the consequences were nothing compared to those in Ukraine and Belarus. I remember we were advised not eat fruit and vegetables from our own gardens. I was 24 when it happened and it is quite frightening that many people - myself included - knew something had gone terribly wrong but only found out many years later what could have happened.<br/><br/>I visitied Chernobyl in 2014 and was immensely impressed by what I saw in that area (including the town of Pripyat). It was one of the most impressive experiences of my life: to be able to see this place that caused so much misery and knowing that hundreds of thousands of people did so much to prevent this from getting an even worse distaster than it already was.<br/><br/>This series is very well made. So far I've seen two episodes. I was VERY impressed by what I've seen so far. I read a lot about Chernobyl and saw many documentaries about Chernobyl before actually going there in 2014 so I can honestly say that the makers of this show did an incredible job in making everything look this real (as far as realistically possible).<br/><br/>This is TV at its best: respect! All in all super immersive show thanks to a great editing and awesome photografy. Some of those images, like the cemment pouring Will be stuck with me for a long time. Awesome setting and atmosphere, excellent attention to detail. Its just the best historical event series i've seen, along with band of brothers Watched it all. Shocking but fascinating piece of history that I've learnt more about thanks to this Stunning Visuals & Cinematography
Best series 2019 Watch this show best acting, direction simple awesome As a young 20 something kid from America I always heard about the distaster at Chernobyl in history class and stuff but never really understood it or really looked into it for that matter. After watching the first 4 episodes of this fantastic mini series all I can say is WOW. This really captures the events and makes you feel like your right there with all of the characters. The scale and scope of it makes you feel so small and helpless just like how lots of the victims felt. It keeps you on the edge of your seat and honestly makes you look at the world differently. The scariest things in life are what you can't see with your own eyes and this show emphasizes that. I highly recommend this to everyone and assure you won't be disappointed. THE TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE. Don't think I've seen a show so good. The actors are great, the way they chose to tell the story is mind-blowing. And after being sucked into the TV, you're left with feelings which make you freeze. This show is a masterpiece. Deserves to be at the top. It portrays The Chernobyl disaster and the horror it inflicted on people. Hands down one the greatest shows ever made. Well done HBO thanks for shedding some light on this horrible catastrophe. This show is heavy, real heavy, and you need to see Ep 1 first. Wow, this show is good, the story is stunning as we know, and they had a budget. I recommend it, but just be prepared to feel sad and shocked. I will be watching all episodes. For non soviet people Its hard to understand that a heads of the nuclear station can be so misleading and stupid but it's true. The movie shows real atmosphere of Soviet regime and all the stupidness of proletarian people's( google lumpen) . All characters a unique and real.
Historians thought that Chernobyl was one of reasons why Ukraine disparate from Soviet union. I mean that idiot atmosphere of total propaganda and lie. This show could easily be a 10 out of 10 but for the love of God why did they choose to use British Accents , I cannot fathom why they decide this was a good idea, could you not find actors that could let's say ACT like they're Russian with Russian accents I'm not saying they have to speak Russian but let them speak English with a Russian accent. Instead you've got men in tracksuits saying bloody hell the reactors gone , innit. Growing up in the UK, all I was told about Chernobyl, was that a nuclear reactor had a meltdown, and there was a huge area around the plant that was now uninhabitable because of the radiation. I had no idea about the sheer scale and devastation caused by the disaster.<br/><br/>This mini-series does a fantastic job of creating excruciating tension and terror regarding something that no-one can see (radiation). The sheer scale of the disaster, the lives lost, and the effects of radiation poisoning, are viewed in a factual as well as humanistic perspective which punches you right in the gut.<br/><br/>Uncomfortable viewing at times, but it is nevertheless gripping and it truly shows that real life events are often more terrifying than pure fiction! In 1986 I first went to school in Georgia, a former soviet republik. I remember my mum bought for us white panamas and insisted me and my sister to put it on every time we go out. I hated that paname and wore only before her eyes. I remember that after Chernobyl every mail we got from our relatives from Belarus was about death. When the postwoman was giving me another of those mails I did not want to take. I knew there would be words "cancer" and "died" inside, I knew mum and grand mum would silently cry and worry. Before the USSR fell down there only 3 our relatives Ielt alive in Minsk. I remember my confusion about seing Gorbachev portrait in school hall. He had no birthmark on that portrait, but when I saw him on TV he had. I asked my teacher why, but she told me I don't need to ask. I remember the feeling that all around me in this world of adults was deeply wrong. I saw adults playing roles yet boring to do that. Now many of those adults are sorrowing of how fine it was to live in the USSR. They lie again to thenselves and to a new generation espessially in Russia refusing the truth, refusing all the bad parts of soviet system and longing for good. They still owe a debt to truth and make whole nation to pay it. So thanks HBO for a chance to all of us to remind those days and events. Exellent job! I'm a physicist. Not nuclear, but we had a nuclear physics formation in my masters. I've worked with nuclear sources, measured radiation. Even without a nuclear source, you can see cosmic radiation hitting the sensor. So I think for physicists this series is even more impactful. Because every time you see those guys approaching graphite, or staying outside in a shower of radioactive ashes, you know they're pretty much dead, you understand the power of this invisible thing. You know that as soon as that pregnant woman approaches so many dangerous areas, and people, that her child is dead. Despite the choice of keeping British actors and their British accent, everything feels genuine. The bullying in the Soviet workplace is well know. I've worked with Russian scientists. They're not diplomatic by any means, it's about who can shout the loudest. It's about dominating the opponent that disagrees with you. Thankfully, not all of them are like that, and Valeri Legassov is just fascinating in that regard. The story of the USSR is the story of great people acting despite a ridiculous system of secrets, intimidation and honor at all costs. It's all about honor, keeping appearances right against Europe and the US. In the case of Chernobyl, it was about refusing to see the faults in Soviet reactors, even when it blew up.<br/><br/>It is a difficult watch, especially the radiation poisoning. But every aspect of this story is fascinating. The lies, the engineers, the politics, and the weird things in the aftermath. Having to cut down trees, kill all pets and game, concrete burials, etc... The tension is immense, and the music is just mesmerizing, Hildur Guðnadóttir did an amazing job. Recording actual sounds in a nuclear plant and transforming them for the music was just brilliant.<br/><br/>I can't think of any fault in the series. Of course, I would have prefered to see it done with Eastern European and Russian actors, and I would have prefered everything to be accurate, so that we wouldn't have needed Ulana Khomyuk as a composite character, but it probably would have made the show less interesting and too complex. It's already amazing that everything feels so 80s, by filming a nuclear plant so similar to Chernobyl, or filming in apartment blocks so similar to the ones in Prypiat. It's a must watch, HBO's done it again... The facts and events laid out over 5 part series are captivating. The acting is phenomenal. It tells you the story, the harsh realities and yes, some scenes are difficult to watch, but it's done respectfully.<br/><br/>First time I've felt a movie / documentary was worthy of a 10. Nothing similar ever.<br/><br/>Amazing on all respect.<br/><br/>Interesting, challenging, frightening, shocking, educating... a veey partial list.<br/><br/>A well deserved compensation for GOT final season (catastrophy) and final chapter (joke). One of the best series I ever watched.
Believe me I am watching a lot ;). When The Chernobyl accident happened, the world was kept in the dark about how serious it really was; now we know. This is an absolutely riveting 5 part series that should be seen by everyone There are no words to say about this show. Except, Amazing. The world needed to be educated on such an awful time in history. This sheds light on one of the worst disasters in our worlds history. I have been wanting to go for many years. Hopefully I can't see it one day. This series was pure perfection in its pace, story, cinematography, acting, set pieces and sound design.<br/><br/>I won't elaborate any more on what's been said by other reviewers, but if you want to be shocked even further listen to the accompanying podcast with the creator of the show to realise what is depicted is 99% harrowingly true by all accounts.<br/><br/>This series will be hard to top! There cannot be a series about man made disasters better than this.
There cannot be a rendition about an epic catastrophe better than this.<br/><br/>Of course, there are critics. I am reading articles published in various channels from Russian journalists, correspondents, historians about the (in)accuracy of the incidents and characters shown in these 5 episodes. In many places, agreed, there might be some hollywood spices are mixed into the story. But still if we leave and ignore that mere 5% of business liberty that Craig Mazin and Johan Renck might have taken, the ghastly happenings and epilogues are presented in possibly the best way possible.<br/><br/>The saga essentially reflects not only any particular country, or for that matter not only the Soviets. This mirrors a factual narrative of any other country - the governments and bureaucrats of any country. This echoes the die-hard spirits of all normal "naive" people of any country.<br/><br/>This incident should not be treated as a "Soviet, and their Government" deed; rather, silently such things are being done all over.<br/><br/>Hope this encourages film and TV producers to build titles for other numerous man-caused disasters around the world.<br/><br/>
Even after two days after completing the series, those sounds of dosimeters still ringing in my ears.<br/><br/>Hats Off !! What an incredible story, one of the craziest moments in human history done justice by this absolute masterpiece.<br/><br/>Acting, cinematography and score all done beautifully to set the tone for this wild ride that truly took me through every emotion.<br/><br/>So happy that a series like this now exists to shed light on such an important moment in history. This is the best TV show I've ever seen. Everything about it was done right. It is absolutely insane that this really happened! I'm on my second viewing, hoping to pick up some of the facts I missed the first time around. At first when I saw this in my suggestion feed, I thought o gosh another one if these disaster flicks. Then one day, one of my patients suggested for me to watch it, and she insisted that I wouldn't regret.
So, I found myself a peaceful Saturday afternoon. 5 hours later, I was shattered, utterly amazed, and drawn away from reality. This series, undeniably, could be the best interpretation of this colossal disaster. Plz watch, you owe it to yourself. Someone had to do it (movie about the Chernobyl disaster)
Great job!
Thx from Russia. It was terrible... The managment initially forbade even the use of gas masks and similar protecting things in first days, because it was expencive thing and they thought it was not so bad situation, and it may be needed in other more worst situation. It affected millions of lifes around Ukraine and other countries where the radiation spreads... one of the rison of high level of cancer...
Very good movie, people should remember historical mistakes to prevent similar situations... The best show of this year. This show deserves 10 rating because it is so good. And if they shown what really happened, then it is really amazing that how someone can be so arrogant that they weren't accepting their mistake. loved every minute of this show and really happy that they made it only of 5 episodes cause it is so good 😍😍 Very fond of the Chernobyl series and his accuracy in filming the events of 1986. Close attention to details, in the decoration of the public space, even in the style of photography, the movement of the camera, and the logic of the characters, even to appear the serial as a photographer actually in that period. When we say drama industry this is what we mean completely. Just like everyone else, I don't usually write reviews. I'm a Portuguese woman born in 83. I remember learning about this in school ( or was it the news?). I remember hearing about it and being horrified but what did I know about it?? Nothing really. I don't like horror movies and I'm easily annoyed with tv shows nowadays because there's nothing really captivating. When I watched the first episode I didn't really formed an opinion. It seemed eerie and I wasn't sure I wanted to continue watching. And then I did. Because you just can't stop it. It's so horrifying ( specially episode 4) that you just can't stop thinking "this happened" and you feel so sorry for those people and just want to learn more about it.
I rate it a 10. My husband refuses to watch it. It's sad. It's hard. It's cruel and it's so real. I took the time to read all the reviews because that's how much this impacted me.
My God!! To all those people who comment here that were born on that era...I just feel like sitting down for tea with you guys and talk about this. This was real. I wouldn't know about the details and I'm glad everyone says they're spot on ( cars and clothes and stuff ). It's just a thing people need to watch. To be thankful for what they have nowadays and to make sure humankind takes care of this world ( because it's like no one actually cares ).<br/><br/>Go watch it. It's hard. But we need to know about this in detail!! ...in a very long time. Surpasses Game of Thrones by a mile. The writing was excellent, the directing was amazing and the acting was superb! In this short space I cannot even begin to explain how impressed I was by this cast of Actors and how they brought us into the world and lives of these characters. Kudos to each and every one of them. Harris has once again shown why he is one of the most under rated actors out there by giving what may be the best performance of his career. Seriously, I can only say....WOW! This is quite possibly one of the best dramas produced in the last ten years at least. Powerful acting, flawless recreation of the terrible historical events, outstanding production value, and an intelligent, compelling script. Best of all, there is no sermonizing: the events are left to speak for themselves and they do so in a way that stays with (and haunts) the viewer. Until a few weeks ago, I do not believe I had thought about the Chernobyl disaster since cracking open a public school history book. After watching this incredible series (that seemed to come out of nowhere), however, I now have an incredible appreciation (and let's be honest, horror) for both the physical and political implications of the event.<br/><br/>Basically, this biopic delves into the Chernobyl story, ostensibly focusing on 4 major characters:<br/><br/>-Valery Legasov (Jared Harris), a scientist called in as sort of an "outside consultant" to the Soviet State to contain/control the disaster.
-Ulana Khomyuk (Emily Watson), a fellow member of the scientific community tasked with sleuthing out the details of exactly what went wrong that fateful night.
-Boris Shcherbina (Stellan Skarsgard), the Soviet state official sent in to manage the entire operation.
-Anatoly Dyatlov (Paul Ritter), the obstinate, stubborn man at the controls the night the reactor exploded.<br/><br/>There are other key and interesting characters present in the series, but those four compose what is likely to be viewed as the most interesting material.<br/><br/>There are two main reasons why "Chernobyl" might just be the best of its kind that I have ever seen:<br/><br/>First, it utilizes a disjointed narrative timeframe to absolute perfection. Most series might just start from the very beginning and work backward, but "Chernobyl" creator Craig Mazin jumps forward and backward in time to perfection to increase both dramatic effect and viewer experience. The show starts with a startling revelation regarding Legasov, quickly has a literal "boom", and is then off and running. The earlier episodes deal primarily with the response and cleanup (such as there was) to the reactor explosion and its fallout, while the later episodes deal more with the investigation into the reasons why the reactor exploded to begin with. Both tacts are done to perfection.<br/><br/>Secondly, this is one of the most brutal shows you'll ever watch. Yet, at the same time, absolutely nothing is done for shock effect or sheer production value. Upon watching each week's episode, I would also listen to the companion podcast (talking with Mazin), and with every new horror presented he'd insist that it was strictly based on an examination of the real-life data. In every episodes, there are multiple moments that will absolutely chill your bones to their very core. The breadth of the destruction and loss of life is almost unfathomable.<br/><br/>"Chernobyl" is also a show perfect for its times, even though it was written long before the latest presidential election (meaning there was really no direct connection in that sense). One of the oft-repeated phrases within the show is "what are the cost of lies?", a concept that very much "plays" in this current cultural climate of fake news and bravado. Thus, though having this play out in the former Soviet Union makes for a sort of "easy scapegoat" in the Russians, some of the real psychological horror comes from how easily a similar scenario could play out even today.<br/><br/>I have long considered "John Adams" to be my favorite historical miniseries of all-time, but "Chernobyl" may have even topped that one. It is perfectly put-together, well-acted, visceral like no other, and deals with timeless themes like state control, lies, and "just following orders". This one will stick with me on an emotional level for a long, long time. At first I was reserved about such high rating. But after having finished the 5 episodes; I can only say it deserves 10/10, or 11/10 actually if it is allowed. The research, the preparation, the consideration, the respect and seriousness put into the production of Chernobyl are clearly seen. I am extremely impressed with its explanation in the final episode on how the power plant exploded (so that we audiences as layman can understand); the many perspectives of the story (the ordinary young guy to deal with animals; the widowed wife; the fire fighters; the scientists; the coal-miners; the government, etc.). I actually feel like I have had a very helpful and engaging history and politics class regarding the Chernobyl that everyone should watch. It's much more than JUST a television series. Thank you HBO. No doubt you've heard of Chernobyl: the nuclear power plant in northern Ukraine - then part of the Soviet Union - that blew up, releasing a mass of radiation that rendered entire regions of Ukraine and Belarus uninhabitable. Some of my friends have actually gone to Pripyat, the town near the power plant (now a ghost town due to having gotten evacuated after the accident). Nature has reclaimed the area around the plant.<br/><br/>The HBO miniseries "Chernobyl" focuses on the explosion and the aftermath, as Moscow tried to figure out what to do and a number of people tried to expose the truth. It's safe to say that the disaster did a lot to shatter Soviet citizens' confidence in their government (Gorbachev later admitted that it contributed to the USSR's downfall).<br/><br/>I understand that Russia has announced plans to make its own miniseries about Chernobyl. I'll be eager to see how that one stacks up. In the meantime, I highly recommend this one. As chemist Valery Legasov (played by Jared Harris) made clear, there was nothing sane about what happened. I'm not one to bother writing a review. I have seen many Television shows and Movies in my lifetime. A lot have come close. But Chernobyl deserves a perfect score. Well worth a watch and your time, its one of those shows that you can't stop thinking about after you watch it. I have watched many shows but this one is something else. Everything in this show was top notch. Chernobyl is the best TV show ever made period. I sat down yesterday afternoon and didn't move until the very last minute.
What this series has done is a beautiful thing for a terrible tradgey.
I felt every emotion off every actor and actress on the screen.
It told me a version of the story I had never heard before.
I was 13 when this happened and although I recall this being played out on the news in the UK, I didn't appreciate the enourmity of this .
I am educated by this. Disturbed by this.
A very powerful programme .
For those loving in this legacy of lies, my thoughts to you all I remember the Chernobyl disaster. We read all about it in the newspapers and followed the events on the telly ... at least, as much as the Soviets would tell us. This miniseries brings all the horrors in vivid detail. It uus very well done.<br/><br/>I won't repeat all the things that make this miniseries so good. But I will mention that the very few posters that gave Chernobyl 1 star - what? about 12 out of 1,419? - clutched pearls and clucked in disapproval at the alleged "anti-soviet" propaganda. I'm not kidding. Read those posts.<br/><br/>Said posters' reaction to the (much deserved) criticism of soviet authorities' behavior during the nuclear disaster is exactly the same as said authorities' reaction to the catastrophe: complete and total denial. Just like the soviets in the series scream denial "instructions" to a poor plant worker, burnt to a bloody pulp by radiation, in order to protect the soviet government, so do these posters screech "Anti-soviet propaganda! ... Jewish propaganda! ... Laughable ideology! (and theirs isn't?) ... Lies!" etc., presumably with the same futile intention to defend the indefensible.<br/><br/>Well, you can't deny that, whatever their faults, the soviets had the brainwash thingy down to a science. It still lingers, like the radiation caused by the Chernobyl explosion. Seeing comments here about English language makes me think that some people are really negative in their life and they don't appreciate anything around them.<br/><br/>If it was in Russian, how many of you would watch it? This is masterpiece!!!<br/><br/>I've seen hundreds of tv shows, and this one is in my top 3. Chernobyl, Breaking Bad & The Sopranos.<br/><br/>By watching this show it makes you feel like you were there, all that radiation talk, Soviet regime, orders etc. It looks so real!<br/><br/>Don't be a d**k and give this show a 10. Let everyone know what happened there, we must not forget about all of those people who died to protect all countries around Ukraine. I started watching this because I remember this disaster as a child, living in the Netherlands. There were reports of radioactive fallout, in very small quantities but nonetheless there, I can still remember we had some fear about it but it was also something very far away.
Now that I've seen what the real story is, it made me cry, just now realising what a horrifying disaster it really was and how much we owe to the heroes of Chernobyl.
This is by far the most impressive thing I've ever seen and the actors are fantastic, each and every one of them.
I visited the former Soviet Union and the Ukraine in 97 to 99 for work. I was amazed how much of the things are spot on, the shabby hospitals, the clothes of the people, the dull colors and the apartment complexes.
This is a masterpiece and everyone must see this.. No Dragons
No Zombies
No mutants
Reality is the scariest genre of them all. This couldn't have been any better.
Last time I saw this good of a mini-series it was band of brothers...
This was amazing!
Thank you for making this! The hbo produced show has left Game of Thrones far behind with just 5 unsettling episodes. I was waiting for the last episode to release so i could add my point of view of this series. I have seen many series of many types and genres. I would say except to name a few, each lagged behind the previous episode and at the end, the whole series is either messed up or becomes just an average show. They start like a 10 pointer and end with a mere 5 or less. However, this one left an impact. From start to end i no where felt i would give anytime less than 8 and last episode fulifilled and overcame any drawback, if any. Character built up, screenplay, locations, sets and personification of characters was all awesome. A must watch. By the 2nd or 3rd episode I was too engrossed in the story to care about the English instead of Russian issue. This was haunting not just as a true life depiction of the horrors of what a nuclear disaster looks like but also how terrifying living under Communism really is and how it directly contributed to the disaster. Gorbachev wrote in 2006 that he thought Chernobyl was the event that really caused the collapse of the Soviet Union and after watching this I'm inclined to agree. We got to the edge of apocalypse and sealed it at enormous cost. This series is an incredibly tense harrowing warning to the entire present generation to NOT do what they did and for those who died trying to seal it they were heroes. Go watch this and show it to your friends and family. Communism/Socialism killed 100+ million people in the 20th century and is still killing people today and if Chernobyl had gone as bad as it could've gone then that toll would be at least another 50 million higher. If you watch Chernobyl and disagree then you weren't paying attention... Wasn't sure at first if I'd enjoy this, now I am telling everyone I know to watch it and can't wait for the final episode to air. One of the best series I have ever watched They really did a great job on this. I know the story well but it is still riveting and you feel like you are actually there. A tragedy for sure so not the most entertaining but the best production value for sure..thoroughly impressed with all aspects of this production, sets a new standard Those of us who have inquired about the terrible incident that took place at Chernobyl know that it is a unique event in the world, something that the protagonist of the series said perfectly: "Never happened in the history of this planet." Through research we can come to understand what happened during that day, but the feeling, the feeling of it still does not enter us enough.<br/><br/>This series achieves it completely.<br/><br/>The tension is incredibly powerful for every second that passes, we can feel the panic, the horror in our veins; it is not a simple representation of an enormous disaster, it is a detailed biography of the events that occurred (although with some fictitious cinematographic touches) but in itself, it is an incredibly realistic and captivating attempt on the true facts. Chernobyl was a hell, a total radioactive hell that had never happened before in the world and hopefully will never happen again. That idea of hell is something that is difficult to grasp if we were not there, but this series, manages to put us in the skin of those people, we can feel the real fear of this crude reality.<br/><br/>The series is incredible, no doubt HBO has managed to create an unmatched project, highly tense, exciting, realistic and raw. A realistic representation carried out with a fantastic effort on the part of all the members in charge of directing this work. The performances are incredible, totally memorable and the dialogues are raw and direct, they enter into our skin, the effects and the cinematography do a perfect job portraying the whole environment to perfection, and the sound design and soundtrack only make it even better.<br/><br/>I think without a doubt, that this series is about to become an example of cinematographic perfection, we are talking about a very complex and disturbing subject, the Chernobyl disaster, an event that is very difficult to carry out respecting the courage of the heroes of the event and be able to report in a good way about it. Without over-exaggerations, without unnecessary melodramas, everything here is presented to us in the most realistic way possible; terrifyingly crude.<br/><br/>This series is simply shocking to see, portrays a lethal event in the history of humanity in an excellent way, shows us the enormous sacrifices made by these brave heroes and at the same time, the details about why and how of the accident, from their culprits to their redeemers.<br/><br/>A milestone for the tv mini series. Just finished watching Chernobyl, but unfortunately I had to watch it on an iPad. It felt the same like GoT - The Long Night, when the scenes was to dark. This show has so many details in both the dark and light parts, so the stream quality does not serve the productions work justice. One could just hope for Ã¥ local cinema to put it up at a marathon vieweing or something, that would've been rad! Imagine this even on high quality on a 4K TV with a decent audio setup. I can even remember my first time watching Band of Brothers on a larger screen than the (at the time big) 32" first watched in 2001(!). Absolutely gripped from first few minutes of the first episode and at time of writing the review I'm impatiently awaiting the final episode, one of the finest tv series ever made. Fricking Brilliant. I could taste it on my tongue.... smell the fire in the air. Feel the urgency of the situation in every heart beat Just stunning - the atmosphere, the acting, the storyline... you just feel like youve been sent back to the time and feel like a helpless russian human beeing that is overwhelmed by what happened.<br/><br/>pure brilliance. 10/10 no doubt. This is simply an outstanding series. From the attention to detail to the fantastic cinematography to the outstanding acting and exquisite directing. An absolute masterpiece. I have not been watching TV shows for years, but I watched this one after getting many recommendations from my friends. So impressive. It is like a documentary. Can not wait the next week to watch it. So sad it is only a mini series. They cared about every small details and that makes it perfect. Performance of every character is excellent !!! The acting is brilliant, the directing, filming, every singel god damn thing is on point. After the first episode I thought to myself that this might make russians choke on their morning vodka but the series actually portrais only the russian leaders as incompetent. The people are heroic, from risking their own lives willingly to making shure the minister of coal looks his part. Jesus, Mary and Joseph people, u need to watch this. And love it, and then tell everyone you know to do the same! Series felt like visuals of real incident caught on camera. Performed well by all infront and behind the camera.
From episode 2 you get the real grip. If the truths told in the series is so scary just imagine the depth of real life situation.This series is now the best in my list(even though its a miniseries ).
All the crew has seriously studied their characters and understands the need why they have to perform well. Watch the after credit elements of chernobyl, talks of the directors and other crew members.. I have read many of the reviews from those that grew up in this time and place. Governments may fail you. What I found most remarkable was the willingness of the individual or group to sacrifice their lives for the greater good. Watching the minors sacrifice their lives knowingly. Soldiers working as "bio-robots" to clear the roof knowing that their lives were forfeit. Even the engineers trying to do the right thing and being there to monitor changes when each hour ate away at their lives. These sacrifices were selfless. They knew that there would be no compensation, unlikely any acknowledgement. They show a pride and strength that deserves everyone's respect. Just nothing to say. a masterpiece. Friends from Ukraine tell actors are absolute copies of the real plant engineers. The story is absolutely historically correct, but shown as blockbuster, not a boring documentary.<br/><br/>10/10 must see. I can't remember another TV series impressed me so much. To whole team of HBO who works on this show! Thank you so much for professional job. Thank you for showing Russians not like idiots. For you attention to every small detail!
And specially for telling to the world about heroes. Amazing Casting. Absurdly good in all aspects.
I am not sure I have EVER seen such a impecable performance in all aspects of a show.<br/><br/>Casting is as if they got the exact real people for the roles.<br/><br/>Acting is impecable. No words to describe it.<br/><br/>Production and Writing, its as if it were filmed as it happened in real life.<br/><br/>VERY GOOD.
EXTREMELY SHOCKING AS WELL. One of those cases where reality is far more insane then whatever story we could write to shock people.<br/><br/>KUDOS FOR THE SOVIET, COMUNIST, LEFT WING PARTIES.
This is a perfect example of the hipocritical "red" way of life. Just perfect! Directing, script, acting, music, and so suspense! Thank you HBO ðŸ˜€ Very immersive and hooks you up from the first 5 min . All the cast are amazing . The information presentation is accurate . Overall . whether you are watching to understand what happened in the Chernobyl incident or just for intertainment you won't be disappointed I was only 7 years old when this happened. I hardly remember about anything, so this series helped me to understand the brutality and collateral damages produced by Chernobyl's accident.
The series is simply amazing. Extremely realistic and pretty shocking. This is a masterpiece. Unbelievable a must watch the best miniseries i ever seen If you have any inkling of the severity of the disaster the tension you'll feel crescendos from season one forward. The casting is brilliant with key roles played by the best character actors of our day. That lack of headliner marquee actors leading the storyline contributes to the despair and tenacity of the unsung heroes who gave their lives to contain it. Normal people adapting to extraordinary circumstances. The colour grading is brilliant, the Geiger counter sound base cleverly creates a soundstage for the villainous radioactivity, it's like the deep cello metronomic beat of the Jaws theme before an attack. This is more subtle and it agitates the audience, adding stress and angst. Can't say enough about this mini series. Exceptionally well done, this review was written at the end of another heavy episode number four. I am not sure how this will play to those oblivious to the incessant pervasiveness of radioactivity and it's ability to liquify our bodies in short order. On that note, the best and most challenging difficult prosthetic make up I have seen in a long time helps educate us. Talk about radiation poisoning, this show is infectious as hell! A piece of history so sensitive in its time and place has been captured perfectly. To think such artistic beauty of filmmaking could be created from such a stomach turning subject is amazing. Definitely recommend watching this. The story will have your head spinning thinking about what could have been if things had gone...well I don't know which way. So many ways. It's scary to think about. Watch it, you'll see. Brace yourself This show depicts very well the awful reality of Chernobyl (as much as we could envision it). This is one of the largest crimes against Ukraine, USSR and mankind as a whole that was committed in modern history. I am from one of the countries that the radiation cloud passed over. However, my country ranked highest in post-disaster contamination, because our own communist government didn't deem it to be necessary to notify people what happened (until more than a week later) or to tell them to take basic safety measures (ever). They were importing food and water for themselves while regular people were eating contaminated vegetables and meat. As a direct result, we are high in all cancer statistics in Europe and this guilt will be handed over to next generations who won't even have a vague idea of what the USSR was. Highly recommended for everyone.
So far unbelieveble good acting, script, story, and the best presentation of what really happened at the Nuclear power plant in Chernobyl.
I was 3 months old when this catastrophe occured and my uncle was one of the liquidators od Chernobyl Thank you HBO fot this great film about #Chornobyl. Very accurate. I'm imressed. The true story worth to tell worldwide. Big thank you to Craig Mazin and Johan Renck. Cast is just perfect! Visuals are stunning! The creators understood the mentality very well.
The Chernobyl Podcast by Craig Mazin, the creator, gives more depth to each episode. It's fascinating to observe how foreigners perceive the story in comparison to us who grew up in post soviet Ukraine. I think it's only mini series record the event intime crisis Impressive, just astonishing with all the interesting details. I've been waiting for this miniseries for a while and I'm not disappointed. Just amazing, I would recommend this show to anyone who doesn't mind a fair amount of gore. The fact that it's describing an actual true event makes it even better. This was so terrible what happened but it had to be made so no one forgets One of the best dramatic re-telling's of a historical event I've ever seen. I'm stingy with the 10 star ratings and reserve them for the Breaking Bad/GoT types, when it comes to TV, and I'm giving this 10, it's that good so far. The rest of the reviews do a great job regarding the accuracy of the show and the acting so I'll just keep this short and say I watch a lot of TV series (I travel for work) and this made me feel a way when watching it that very few things do, all while educating at the same time. How many new shows & movies can you say that about? I think that's more than enough to give the first episode a try, if you're on the fence. Powerful, extremely entertaining, riveting, and even educational...amazing. This is a fantastic miniseries that's worth watching by anyone. I would highly recommend this show. The acting is fantastic all around, but special props to Jared Harris, he really knocks it out of the park in this one.<br/><br/>Personally, the Chernobyl disaster has always been something that has been very interesting to me, but I never really took the time to learn with many details exactly what happened in 1986. This series does a very good job at presenting the disaster from a scientific, political and human perspective. It's (relatively) easy to understand the events that happened, once they are explained. I must say that it's not an easy show to watch. A lot of it actually felt like a horror movie to me, it's very disturbing, but it's necessary to show what actually happened. The whole show is fantastic, but the ending to me was just amazing and heartbreaking, really. The show does a great job at illustrating how the Soviet Union worked, and how lies and incompetence ruined so many people's lives, many lives that are affected to this day.<br/><br/>This is one of the best shows I have ever seen. I loved every second of it from the performances, the directing, special effects and the music is also fantastic. Props to everyone involved for delivering such a profound message within an informative, excellent show. When I heard that HBO is making a Chernobyl themed series, my first impression was that it would, in some way, be biased and overshadowed by the indiscreetly anti-Russian present political discourse. However as far as the first episode goes, this was not the impression. Things still might change in the upcoming episodes, though I really hope it would continue on the path of high standards that were set. And they are, for the most part, based on many already published documents, testimonies, memories and facts surrounding the Chernobyl nuclear catastrophe, even to the tiniest details. The fire fighter's uniforms for instance are spot on, as are pretty much all the sets.<br/><br/>Authentic filming locations, very solid scriptwriting and a surprisingly high standard of cinematography for a cable series make Chernobyl (so far) a must-see. Sure, English accents spoil the authenticity, but then, this is an international production made for the international market and it works well as such.<br/><br/>As for the music... one of Johansson's best. All is good except this corny and prejudiced portrayal of Dyatlov. Why did you do him such an imbecile? He acts like an alien with no brains. If you shoot something based on real events you should be more accurate. Can you imagine supervisor of a nuclear power plant being so dumb? And who is that gaffer who decides for everyone and knocks with the walking stick? Is that a secret mason club? All the members of the local government look like stupid boys from school who don't know how to count. Cmon, now people will be thinking it's true, especially that from the West, who are maybe not familiar with the story.
Yes, most of them made great mistakes which costed thousands lives, but they are not so stupid and angry (why do they shout at everyone all the time?)
I live all my life in Ukraine and we, as well as Russians, know this story from our childhoods (every year we have minutes of silence all over the country in schools to commemorate the victims of this tragedy), and believe me people who worked there weren't THAT stupid.
I recommend you to watch one special interview with Dyatlov, which was released for the first time in 2016 on YouTube, where he explains step by step all his actions on April 26, 1986 (but, unfortunately you should know Russian to be able to understand what he says). So, draw your own conclusions. People just watch this masterpiece! No comments! Bravo HBO. Everything was perfect, from storyline and acting to music. This is what i really expect from TV series. It's hundred times better than GOT. A secret hidden from world.<br/><br/>Perfection at its best.
I highly recommend this. I have to say that everyone who is over 18 must watch this. I knew about almost all of the happenings during chernobyl, but the show still overwhelmed me like nothing else before.
This has happened like they show it, that's the horrifying reality. The production quality is astonishing including the music, dresses, science accuracy etc. The people who get portrayed are the reason I can walk the Earth here in Hungary, yet so few heard of them. It also shows the reality of politics, and it's not just the Soviet Union, though politics improved some things won't change.
I could talk hours about it, but all in all I can say that it reminds everyone how fragile we are and where our humanity really lies. This miniseries has so much potential. The focus is correct, the music is ambient yet driven, and it has powerful actors in play. Looking forward to seeing more! I was stunned and still am months after watching it 2 times, which is extremely rare for me.<br/><br/>WHY SHOULD YOU SEE THE SERIES?<br/><br/>1. because it very accurately describes a catastrophe with a potential scale of World War 2 that you are probably unfamiliar with. Instead of horror scenes, it builds tension based on what actually happened.<br/><br/>2. it also very accurately describes what chain of events that led to the disaster. The series does an extremely good job at conveying the USSR time of 1986. It's like teleporting back in time to get a feel of what life back then was like.<br/><br/>3. It's a masterpiece in storytelling!<br/><br/>4. Acting is superb. I felt like watching a documentary. Did not realize they speak English and not Russian.<br/><br/>5. At the end it makes you think and it poses very important questions. Gives a perspective without someone narrating character's thoughts. It makes you think way after the series is over. Wasn't able to sleep for like 2-3 days , it depicts the greatest human catastrophe of all time , this is a must watch . In the beginning I was not expecting anything, but within minutes, I was completely bound to the story. So as i had just mentally recovered from HBO's disastrous GoT finale, i was very pleased to stumble upon this gem. 'Chernobyl' left me in awe and shock. Everything was portrayed so perfectly. As someone who was not alive in the 80s i obviously heard about the accident, but i had underestimated it and never had a real idea just how destructive and catastrophic it was in reality. The immersion of this show is very deep, it pulled me in from the very first episode and i watched the whole thing in a matter of days. I was very impressed with what i saw. Shocking, to say the least. The show does a great job of showing the brutal aftermath of the incident and knows no limits in this regard. And none of this is done for the sake of shocking the audience, no, it actually happened. Which is what makes this series so good. The initial ignorance amongst the people, the slow realization that things are far, far worse than they seemed, hospitals that get overwhelmed accompanied by horrifying sights due to fatal radiation doses, the political games and cover-ups surrounding the accident, all shown just right in a matter of just five episodes. I will never view this accident in the same way again. Well done, HBO! Great ballans, great writing, great actors and after all a really exciting, heroic and heartbreaking story. Furthermore is it a excellent potrait of the heroic people of the Soviet union. And at the same time as the drama shows the the abominable of the bureaucracy in the regim how stolen the power from the workers. Exceptional mini Series with acting master class gets the story it wants to tell right to your heart. The shocking true story of people who suffered which is sad,gripping, haunting and heroic in many ways. Well done to all involved in creating this masterpiece and telling the world what is the true cost of lies. Whether this series reflects the truth about what really happened in Chernobyl or not is not the reason why it is so good. With regards to acting, tension, suspense, grit, sadness, drama, empathy, acting, soundtrack, directing and so on, it is faultless - probably the most perfect piece of TV informative drama of all time. Johan Renck is a genius and he should direct a similar mini-series depicting the truth about what really happened on 9/ll. Deceits, lies and cover ups are equally despicable whether they are perpetrated by Soviet, US, British or any other governments. We viewers need more series like this so we can be entertained whilst being informed about the reality of events that have affected the world we live in today. When it comes down about showing actual and realistic incident,, this show has all
Top notch acting , camera angles
Bottom line it's really that good Chernobyl was quite simply the greatest piece of television I have ever seen. It captured everything -- from the science behind the disaster and the response, to the gross incompetence and willful neglect that led to it, to the disgraceful reaction from Soviet Communist Party apparatchiks, to the gut-wrenching bravery of ordinary people who knowingly sacrificed themselves to prevent even greater calamity. The scene at the end of episode 2 when the three men are wading through radioactive water in the dark with Geiger counters wailing in the background has to be one of the most tense scenes ever filmed.<br/><br/>Jared Harris, Stellan Skarsgard, and Emily Watson were all superb. The entire supporting cast was amazing (who knew Paul Ritter could play such an arrogant villian?) Everything, the writing, the acting, the production values, the music, the attention to detail, was all perfect.<br/><br/>If this series doesn't take home Emmys by the bucket, something is seriously wrong with the universe. They didn't have to go to such lengths to get the message across and deliver a compelling show but they went above and beyond, replicating the era, atmosphere, truly understanding what Soviet Union was about, how it was held together, how people thought and functioned, which was quite a bit different than on the other side of the Iron Curtain.
It's a masterpiece. Props to all the wonderful actors who embodied the Soviet people so naturally.
When I watched I didn't realize but later I read about how the music was composed and recorded and I realized that it was an integral part of that skin-crawling feeling, such a stroke of genius. I'm sure there are parts that were exaggerated, But the story was well told and fit perfectly in a 5 episode series. No need to drag it on longer than it needs to be. These 5 episodes were better than the last 4 seasons of Game of Thrones. Not a fantasy, but fantastic. Not about War, but you feel War. Not Action, but you feel it all the time. This Perfect TV series about catastrophe and survival that took place in USSR. Country that was so proud and pretended to be so powerful building Communism, that it couldn't accept any help from abroad. Nuclear meltdown is scary.
There were many heroic Russians.
Fantastic series. Old enough to remember the disaster, I really didn't appreciate the magnitude of it. The extremity of the radiation, the unsurprising Soviet cover up attempt, the sheer volume of casualties (reported and unreported), from a non-Eastern Block view point, I was naively unaware of just how bad this disaster was.
This is a breath-taking piece of television, with the most amazing of back drops. We've all seen the drone footage of a town largely untouched since the day it was evacuated (I say largely untouched as I suspect given the recent tourist surge, it probably hasn't remained exactly as it was). This miniseries provides the most insightful of explanations of the tragic disaster from start to finish.
Its most endearing of qualities, aside from the award-worthy acting, directing and editing, is it's plausibility. The styling, the clothes, the cars, the colours are so reminiscent of the time, it could be as if you're watching a documentary.
I also love the fact that beyond the actor's dialogue, everything is in Russian, even the radio communications but there not a sniff of stupidly unnecessary put-on Russian accents to spoil it.
Making a television show from any real life tragedy is a tough undertaking but Chernobyl pays beautiful homage to the heroes who either wittingly or unwittingly ventured towards their untimely deaths. The depiction of the decisions that caused the explosion, the blissfully unaware residents, the petrified officials desperately trying to figure out how to solve the problem whilst keeping it from leaking to the outside world, is both harrowing and compelling.
Chernobyl is probably the best TV show I've seen. I cannot recommend it highly enough. The only negative I can find is that there isn't more to watch. It is emotional but def one of the best things ever created in television. incredible achievement Acting is superb especially Jared Harris .
The story is so important the writers did a bang on job as well as the director.
This should be a mandatory show for high school students .
This Real life story is more scary than any fiction ever written . For lack of a better term this series will "give you the feels". It consumes your emotions, you want more of it, but you feel guilty for wanting more since it's based off a true story. You will feel sad, scared, angry, hopeless. You can't help but feel for everyone who went through this. The series did a great job portraying a real life disaster. I couldn't stop watching after the first 5 minutes. It really grabs your attention and tells a real chilling historical event. I highly recommend. I have never written a review for a series but I felt compelled to say something about this one. It's grim, dark and all too real. I couldn't break away from any scene because I didn't want to miss any minor details. I cried, my heart raced as if I was living that moment with them. Truly amazing series. I don't have enough words to describe emotions i felt watching this masterpiece. It is shocking as well as sad. This is the masterpiece because of everything shown as it was. I m from Eastern Europe, I'm glad that people, from this side of the world are for once shown as they were and are. Brave and proud. Happy and normal. Opened. Not selfish. Realistic. Living in nice, human communities. Whole system was a lie, of course, exactly how it was shown in episodes. I'm amazed how perfect, how gentle and smart, director wrote this documentary. Because it is documentary. Scientific side of the story was also written with so much respect. I mean, I can feel respect from the director trough all scenes he wrote. That is rare. That can only be done from a heart of a good, intelligent man. I was 6 years old and I remember my mom calling us from the balcony to come home quickly. When I got upstairs she said radioactive rain falling so she throw my clothes and gave me a good bath :) I'm from Serbia (not Syberia ;) ). I don't know the exact impact that rain made and anything about radiation here, after that rain but I hope we will find out one day.
Thank you for this marvelous show. You have my deep respect and admiration. This series is terrifying. Not in the sense you will be hiding behind a cushion scared, but the fact it can really happen. Because man doesn't learn. The wilful ignorance of man is deadly, and Chernobyl is the evidence. What can I say about this brilliant, brilliant piece of film making.
Phenomenal acting, phenomenal photography, phenomenal staging...we've just finished an absolute masterpiece of a mini series.
Although every episode is a gem on its own, the final one makes you gasp for air. The closing images combined with the perfectly selected musical score made me rate Chernobyl with a full 10.
This series will await nothing less than a triumph at this year's award season. Stunningly acted, dread-filled throughout. Rightly earns its new place at the top of the list as the greatest tv show of all time. I'm looking forward to watching it all over again. Chernobyl is a fantastic TV miniseries that studies the Chernobyl disaster and its aftermath in a gritty, realistic approach that elevates the feel and emotion of the people who would be affected by the disaster in real-life. The atmosphere of the show is top notch thanks to the way it is shot with awesome cinematography and the haunting musical score that perfectly illustrates what it was like to be living in a post-disaster environment. There's top notch acting from everyone, as well as gripping storylines following people and tasks to solve that can be quite nerve-wracking. Knowing almost all of it actually happened makes it so poignant.<br/><br/>I cannot praise this show enough already. It's only 5 episodes long but every episode brings something different to the table. I've heard people complain about all of the actors speaking in British accents. I admit it's a bit weird at first, but you get used to it and can look past it as the rest of the show is so great that it's just being nitpicky. Overall, Chernobyl gives you an excellent view of what happened
during the disaster and by the end of the journey, you'll be emotionally gripped and upset that the ride is over. I'd suggest you spend an entire day to binge-watch the experience. It's definitely one you won't forget and will not regret watching!<br/><br/>9/10 Many thanks to the authors for the work done. Very many points and described the nuances of Soviet life. I am Ukrainian, and now our whole country, young people in particular, are discussing this series with their relatives, families and cocks for work. You give us the versions which we hope is the truth. And today many young people can know their county history , their truth. Really done, everything is super. P.S. now many tourists are interested in Chernobyl and want to visit the Pripyat city. Masterpiece - amazing monumentality.
Filming, panoramas, clothes, as if you are looking at photos of your parents. At the beginning of the fifth series I saw such a track top as my father's.
I hope this masterpiece will be included in the mandatory school curriculum of Ukraine.
I hope someday you will remove the like about the "Holodomor"
Hello from Energodar<br/><br/>Thank you for the movie This is what perfect storytelling looks like. Literally every scene is so well acted and directed, you would forget this was a TV show. Highly recommend! I was reluctant to watch Chernobyl at first because of my expectations that it would be a sad, dull, dreary movie about an incident in a foreign country. After the first episode I was entrenched in the science and the societal disarray of the USSR's practices, which -because of the directors decision to make the character dialects English- was more conducive to an American viewpoint. Gripping, thrilling, daunting, and beautifully portrayed. Wonderfully written, beautifully shot. A real classic of our generation. This is so good and engaging. Was supposed to watch one episode and then go to bed, but 3 went down in a gasp. It was very exciting to watch. You can see how many people gave their lives just for you to be healthy. How they tried to avert what the explosion made. Everyone should see this series who is 15 years old or older. This is one of the best series filmed probably ever. The amount of drama you are watching is enormous and when you just think that all of that actually happened it's heart breaking and terrifying. Series shows all the stupidity of human race and the world we are living in but also unselfish, heroic side and ultimate sacrifice of the individuals.
I watched this in one breath and would recommend this to everyone to watch it! To see the world in which we are living in. To understand what are we exploiting for our convenience of everyday life. To enlighten yourself about environment and respect it more, protect it more and take care of it in every way that you can. To realize why country and decisions must be made by people with actual knowledge and not by ignorant fools, because we are doomed if something doesn't change.
10/10 from me One of the best tv shows ever produced! Simply Brillant!! There were so many different emotions this show caused me to have. Disbelief, sadness, shock and respect for the citizens who gave their lives to this tragedy. This is the best made TV I have ever seen hands down. The film shows how life can turn into hell. On the heroism of the people and the blindness of the government. I think this is the best movie in my life. From the first moments that you start to watch it 3 things strike - realism, attention to details and drama... You never thought this could happen, you never thought this would ever happen, but it happened 30 years ago... Everything shown is so believable and well portrayed that it creates a completely immersive atmosphere of this small town in Ukraine... This is a story of heroes and sacrifice , a story of the final days of USSR, a story that was forgotten... It does not matter if you like historic dramas, computer games, science fiction or horror stories, this show is an absolute must see, because it's reality itself, reality that was and still is... The trailer was really intriguing and made me really excited about this series although I knew most of the details about Chernobyl incident. I expected a lot of things but never expected a series on a real infamous event to be this much of a thriller. The casting, cinematography and above all the exceptional direction has to be really applauded. Most of the scenes are captured so realistically that they send chills down the spine because in the back of the mind you know this happened for real!
Kudos to the whole team! A mini-series you will never forget. The atmosphere is done so incredibly well, something I've never seen before. There's scenes where you get so nervous because of it. Visually it's extremely good, the cinematography is on another level and the character development too is remarkable. Every episode keeps getting better and I keep getting more amazed. Chernobyl certainly won't brighten up your day but i would urge you to watch...
It's frightening to think how close we came to a Thermo nuclear explosion the likes of which the world has never known. As i said....watch it! It could've been the end of the life as we know it. I'm Lithuanian- where this series was filmed from. It's very accurate to everything what happened back than, super realistic and detailed. Great work, too bad it's only 5 series... It's downright scary. I lost words for it. I truly am. I'm not going to spoil this by giving you spoilers because a quick Google search for those of us too young will explain the history, Chernobyl nuclear plant is etched into my mind.
But this is such a show that I had to stop at one point during an episode because it was too traumatic to carry on watching.
There have been three episodes so far at the time of writing and they have just got better and better and better, no ready feat when you consider how hard I thought the first episode was to top.
I watched as if in a trance, unable to look away from the horror that was unfolding on the screen, unable to process what was going on, the shock you feel, the helplessness of the situation, the feeling afterwards as I couldn't comprehend what I had watched, the trauma it puts you in.
And the actors, I can say enough good things about them.
It's a brutal, harrowing experience, but if ever there was MUST SEE TV, this is it. I've been hearing a lot about this show for the past two weeks, everyone seem to lose their minds about it, so I decided to see what's going on. I've seen enough documentaries and investigations regarding Chernobyl so frankly I didn't have much expectations from a tv-show
I was wrong.......
The characters choice, the sound composition, the graphics rendering, the costume design, the lighting, the dialogue, perfection. The actors are doing an amazing job and the director is top level, The show makes you live withing the catastrophe, not just watch the catastrophe
It's a must watch, and truly worthy of the 1st spot in the Top 250 list It's fascinating how they pictured this horrible event in such a great way. You can feel yourself suffering as if you're right there when it happened. Marvelous!! It delivers emotions and feels making you sense the catastrophe The thing that really chilled me is not the show itself (although it really deservs every 10 that it got), but the stories from the people that I found reading the reviews!!!<br/><br/>Spare some of your time and find and read them. Particularly the one from the m-porpaczi. This is one of the few shows that every episode stays with me long after the credits roll. The cinematography is absolutely stunning, I've heard from many people of the time saying aside from very minor details, it is portrayed just like it was back then.<br/><br/>The acting is absolutely fantastic, every sentence, facial expression, pause, feels like it holds so much meaning. No ridiculous music in the background to tell you how to feel and when. It's all in the scenery, and acting. Even knowing what happened, this is still a must see - it shows so many interesting aspects the day of, the hours following, and the days and months after. I cannot recommend this enough. I like that it's supposed to only be a 5 part mini series - so you know that it gets to the point and doesn't try to spread any non-sense or ideas too thin.<br/><br/>I will say though, the feeling it leaves with you is a huge wake up call to what kind of major catastrophe we "dodged" by sacrificing so many lives to save millions. It's scary to think it didn't happen that long ago. I will start by noting that this is the first time i wanted to make a review for something i watched.
Although not all episodes are out yet, I am almost certain that this is one of the best series out there. I have not felt for a long time shivers down my spine by watching a tv series.
It takes many things to feel how real those events where by watching just a couple of episodes and this series delivers making you feel like you are actually there and living those moments.
It may be socking for some, but it makes you realize in the best way the reality.
Great job and looking forward to the last 2 episodes So HBO made a great miniseries... Again... Excelent... You know what?! I'm gonna say it... This IS better than Bamd of Brothers.... I think this is a series that everyone needs to see. There is a big difference between reading about it, and seeing it put into context. A harrowing start, right from the beginning. Outstandingly acted out. It really captures the desperation, devastation and secrecy initially surrounding it all. Once again, HBO have nailed another mini-series. Took just over 30 years for the truth to come out in a BIG way.<br/><br/>It's amazing how this story is untold until now.<br/><br/>In this way - this will perhaps change the world to the better.<br/><br/>This is top 3 series of all time for me. Had to. Utterly, terrifyingly brilliant. All the more so for being true. So glad there was no musical soundtrack trying to pull on your emotions. It would have wrecked it, and the alternative was inspired. The scene of the bio robots on the roof to the background sound of a gieger counter was chilling to the extreme. A story that was covered up is finally exposed and the true heroes are seen. And mostly prematurely dead now. Lord, have mercy! Never before have I seen such an astonishing series as Chernobyl by Craig Mazin. ItÂ´s not only telling the story about this terrible tragedy, but also the feelings and emotions of people, who were involved.<br/><br/>From the moment you begin to watch the first episode, you are feeling a tense atmosphere. But it's acceptable until we understand that this is real life. The explosion was real. People in Pripyat' even could not imagine what had happened. Listening to the music from the background, my heart stood still. Speaking personally, I was crying on each episode. Do not know how people can be so impossible strong to survive in this catastrophe, leave their hometown and not to lose composure. Thanks to this mini-series, I'm now a big fan of Legasov. He is an incredible hero. He deserves a better ending. It goes without saying that story about Lyudmila and Vasily Ignatenko is extremely unfair. Their love is stronger than anything. Both of Ignatenko are heroes.<br/><br/>I suppose it is clearly understandable that the acting cast is outstanding. In my humble opinion, Jared Harris deserves Oscar for his role of Legasov. Music is powerful, locations are so real, so native for me. By the way, I'm from Russia. I'm sure that this mini-series made more than just a magnificent creation, it made people think that only together we can cope with all the bad things in the world. Dear creators of this masterpiece, thank you thousand times for this. We will never forget about this tragedy. We will always remember Chernobyl. This tragedy should never be forgotten, yet, lots of people did. These tv-series showed historically accurate representation of what happened chernobyl's accident and its aftermath.
As a nuclear engineer i really appreciated attention to details and i could assure that seeing these tv-series and knowing what will happen to people is much more horrifying. At every moment i knew what will happen to people who were shown working in there and the dread was just crushing me down. I never felt more engaged in the plot that watching these tv-series.
However, the true horror wasn't the meltdown of a nuclear reactor. The true horror was shown in how it was handled: incompetent people and useful idiots elected into positions of power, everyone working as informants and spying on each others, lies and cover ups, choosing to not to evacuate thousands of people, fear of criticism, sending thousands of people to their deaths (soldiers, firefighters, diggers, etc) and not telling them the truth, forcefully conscripting young men and sending them to deadly areas, intimidating people and hiding the truth by force - this is what socialism brings. There is nothing more dangerous and more evil than socialism and socialists, and these tv-series shows that nearly perfectly.
This show was great and should be shown in schools. It was very informative for people, who don't know anything about this accident. But more importantly, it should be shown to inform people about evils of socialism, because some people already forgot. Lots of people think they rather live under socialism without any shred of knowledge about what socialism brings. Sorry for my english. Now, about the movie...
I lived those days, even if I was not near the site, but almost 900km away. I am remember the crowd of furious people gathered at a medical point in Bucharest, to receive few iodine pills. Me among them. Back then I was not aware about what really happens there. And I bet that most of us didn't knew.
The miniseries manages to put the straight truth right in front of us. I am trying to understand what was in the minds of those people that sacrifice themselves to protect others? Some of them without any knowledge of the danger but some knowing exactly what will happen.
It is a great opportunity for everybody to see what happened in Chernobyl in order to understand the gravity and dangers that atomic power is. We can easily kill without any war...
Now I know why salt contains iodine and why Russians opened the communist block.
Please do not hope that everything is OK there, because is not. I have never read about the story of Chernobyl, and Im now watching this serie, and Its like a New level!! Have good feeling after watch this series :)
And i think this a best series in 2019 After this awful ending of Game of Thrones I didnt have any motivation to watch series or movies any more.. But CHERNOBYL... OMG CHERNOBYL ITS THE BEST !!! From the first minute to the last, we hold our breath, which is a performance given the fact that we already know the story. The tension never goes down, and the actors make us forget that this is a show, and not the actual real events happening in front of us. An essential serie. The mini series does more than just present the tragedy that took place in Cernobyl, as also shows the problems with politics in eastern Europe. The fact that people without any knowledge and full of arrogance and stupidity became the people that decide for the rest of us...The inability of understanding the real problem and not considering the opinion of educated people only because of their sentiment of frustration and arrogance is still present today in Eastern Europe... We all must have heard about the chenrobyl disaster happened back in 1986 like 33 years ago. Which had a huge impact on the world. This TV series portraits everything which must have happened back then. Some big decisions and some stupid ones. Everything is clustered within and explained really well. Waiting for the next episode now. The Soviet State ("sovok") is shown here as it really was: cruel, evil, ruthless, mindless. Basically, all the bad words one has when thinking about any state can be used to describe the "sovok".<br/><br/>I'm really glad people of the West will remember it like that. Great job, HBO. One of those series where you know it's gonna be good from the trailer. And i dont regret trusting HBO on this one at all. The first episode is extraordinary, the atmoshpere is spot on , camera work is excelent and the overall dramatic effect is quite literally painfully good. HBO (as always) did an amazing job with this show, creating a tense and mysterious atmosphere from the beginning. Finally, no fake russian accents.
It might feel weird at first because you're so used to it.
But it's so much better. I hope future productions take this to heart and this becomes the norm for english shows/movies that take place in foreign countries.<br/><br/>Stunning cinematography. There's not a whole lot more that needs to be said.
I never write reviews, but this deserves all the stars. What amazes me the most about this show, is how in 1986 Ukraine everyone speaks English. No Slavic accent or anything, just perfect English. Truly impressive.<br/><br/>Other than that, this show is the perfect representation of what happens when ignorant heads of government refuse to listen to scientist, and ironically, we have a perfect example of that today within the United States of America.<br/><br/>9/10 would watch again. So realistic picturization . Minute details and explanation to everything.
Best TV series I ever watched .
Speechless . Outstanding documentary drama. It deserves all the praise and awards it's received. High quality production with top notch CGI and special effects. Incredible acting and sharp script. Highly educational too. TV at its best. One of the best TV series I've seen keeps you captivated the entire time highly recommended. The acting was superb. I can watch this series over and over without getting bored.
Kudos to the makers of this film. Just watch it!!! Amazing serie. So exiting all the time and awesome acting. You wont regret if you watch this serie :)!!! Although based on true events, acting, scripts, imagery, cinematography, music & lack of music, all add up to a unique outstanding series. One is hooked after the 1st episode. No gore splashed in your face. You don't want it to end despite the true horror of nuclear radiation. No agenda here, just great vision from director & producers. After this fantastic mini series I'm back to this format again. If you're into accurate historical drama, and can deal with reality, go to your library and check this out. If you don't, you will miss a genuine historical document and the best feature mini series today. Beautifully shot, beautifully made with a beautiful story. It has all the monikers of a all time great tv show. In this case, I will tell you to believe the hype. This is a truly amazing show and something you should watch. Fantastic mini series. Scary enough and beautiful enough to love overall. Passionately. Convincingly. Very strong. Earthquake. Great. The perfect mini-series. I was stunned and still am a few months after watching it twice, which is extremely rare for me.<br/><br/>First, I could never imagine how a story where you know the ending can be told in the most riveting fashion I have ever experienced!<br/><br/>Learning about "why was it allowed to happen" was disturbing and yet informative. The series has true historic meaning and it's historically accurate! How the small lives of some small people can then impact the face of the earth.<br/><br/>Acting was stunning, I felt like watching a documentary of some new sort with enormous budget. 11/10 for acting.<br/><br/>It shows how normal people can unwilling turn into heroes under life's pressure. Neither Valery Legasov, nor Boris Shcherbina wanted to become heroes, paid a price beyond imagination. Valery ultimately took his own life and I would like the film to have given at least partially why that was. Yes, it was suggested (the KGB leader explain what will happen to him if he speaks the truth) but I don't think that would be enough. I would suggest Valery wanted to put a fullstop on his statement this was the very last thing he could do but has not done.<br/><br/>Experiencing the pain and hardship these people went thru, victims like survivals, puts modern life problems in perspective. Is it enough to induce change - I'd say no, but all journeys start with a first step.<br/><br/>Revealing USSR time of 1996 was astonishing. Like a throwback in time.<br/><br/>The ending was ingenious. What is the cost of lies? It's very strong and yet very short question that sticks in your mind. There are no long scenes where we can hear character's thoughts being narrated, explained and spoon-fed to us. Again, the ending is so strong and it really induces thought and it really induces a consciousness for change.<br/><br/>This is a brilliant example of how a film can change the world. It gives you a shocking and realistic context and then shoots you in the head with 1 question.<br/><br/>I believe if everybody on the planed, as part of their education theoretically speaking, was introduced to these series, the world would be a better place. I truly believe that.<br/><br/>What TV series or films can you say this about? I would suggest none. Step into the world that is Chernobyl. A brilliant mini-series that is as captivating as it is horrifyingly dreadful. A grim reminder that governments view the populous as expendable so long as they appear competent.<br/><br/>A must watch When a show is made awesomely right, when it depicts a human tragedy on a continent scale, when the writers, producers, directors and actors nail it and each one of them shine in their given place, the viewer finds himself so drawn in, so captivated, so truly shaken that tears keep coming, throats are clamped, guts are churned and minds get frozen for a long, long time.<br/><br/>This is the unfolding story of a real tragedy, where lies, ignorance and cover-up sustained and worsened the accident and its aftermath.
A tragedy and misery, which could have been prevented if all safety measures were implemented when the plant was being commissioned and the right people talked ahead and went forward.<br/><br/>It is not only Dyatlov's fault, it is the fault and dearly cost of lies. I know I am just repeating the many positive reviews already written here but in a time of countless mediocre, politically correct attempts of tv series this one is a true gem. Thanks for making this tv series. I don't think there's any film, TV series or anything else that really devastated me and shattered my heart and soul more than this. I'm all choked up. I literally have no words to say or write more than that now I value human lives and every moment in my life more than ever.<br/><br/>(9/10) Extraordinary direction with perfect cast to depict nuclear mishap happened in 1986. Very thoughtful and informative mini series. Please don't be fooled by the slow approach to this series. It's absolute quality. The depth of character and outstanding ability to portray something so catastrophic in such a calm manner.....pure brilliance.<br/><br/>Watched it twice in succession and still would watch again. This series is beyond breathtaking,the amount of work that went into this series is Crystal clear on the screen.The acting,the setting,the way of visual and tonal storytelling and the very eerie and bleak overtone of this absolute masterpiece cannot be described in words . This series is absolutely beautiful to watch as every detail and every piece in the puzzle unfolds you are just pulled into the story because of the mind-blowing use of imagery, acting and very creative storytelling .HBO and it's crew has absolutely outdone themselves on this one .Hats off to their crew and the actors that just made this show absolutely mind boggling.infinity out of 10.definetly worth a watch This is an excellent, fantastic show!! Great performance by the actors and Episode 5 is the best!! Thanks for showing the world what really happened that night with all the details and accurate facts! I hope that it wins several Emmys because the cast and crew really deserve them ! Big Salute to all those heros who saved thousands of lives.<br/><br/>A must watch series. Because it was so unsettling the whole time... I am a child of 86 from Slovakia (which is close) and the citizens of Slovakia were NOT warned at the time (as were the citizens od countries much further away but not under soviet rule). Every family knows/remembers exactly what they were doing at the time it happened in retrospect because it did affect many. To be able to withess it through the series was a very strong experience for me. Thank you I was a kid living in Poland when this catastrophe occurred. I remember going to a hospital with my parents and older sister to get a dose of iodine.<br/><br/>After watching the first episode all I can say is that it's HEAVY and brilliant. The biggest screen experience of recent years.<br/><br/>Series show incredible harshness of the Soviet empire, while appreciating the sincere but limited efforts of the top and bottom people to minimize the impact of this horrific incident. I was 6 years old, when it happened. We found out weeks later, in Romania. Evrrybody eas desperate to get iodine pills. The communist machine is excellently depicted in the movie. Chernobyl is a HBO miniseries , which dramatizes the horrifying man made nuclear disaster in Pripyat , Ukraine . This show is unique in many ways . The actors have been chosen to suit the character and the actors have potrayed their characters pretty well. The show isn't like a hardcore drama or a thriller one , it's one of the show that a person should see once in his lifetime to understand about the disasters that a man can cause due his ignorance and greed . Chernobyl is truly a mind-blowing series . This show was absolutely amazing! It completely blew me away! Once I started this series I couldn't help but finish it one sitting. Hands down the best miniseries I've ever seen, if not the best series overall. My husband grew up near Kyiv and his father drove one of the buses that evacuated the civilians from Pripyat. I have heard his stories of the disaster; the people's concerns, fears and sacrifices. We watch this together and he is amazed at it's authenticity. The set detail, the way the Soviet regime hierarchy functioned, the denial and secrecy surrounding the disaster. He tried (as he usually does when watching a Western production based in or about that part of the world) to find errors or inconsistencies but has not been able to - yet. Absolutely brilliant from start to finish. Just watch it. Highly recommend
Best TV series in the world for
I watch it around four to five times One of the best series,thank you hbo for this,i learn so much for chernobyl, And yes I'm biased here, as I was a 7 year old boy living in Minsk, Belarus when all of that happened. To me, this mini-series is a requiem to those who have been conscripted or volunteered to deal with the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster, and many of whom paid the ultimate price. Now I'm a 40 y/o happy father of two, and deeply indebted to the "liquidators" who probably saved my life and lives of so many others.<br/><br/>The actors' play, the story, the cinematography, the music and ambient keeps you on your toes all five hours. The realism is simply astonishing, I have never seen I movie shot with such an unprecedented attention to details. The characters were played so believable that all the time I felt I'm again surrounded by those soviet people, good and flawed, I was growing up among in the 80s. Even a very few insignificant things that I noticed to be historically incorrect (just because I remember, for example, how a particular building looked like) would only underscore the aforesaid, making me believe that the Creators truly cared, and I thank them for that!<br/><br/>And last, but certainly not least, let us not forget to what a horrifying end totalitarianism and state lies multiplied by common fear could lead the humankind to. Excellent "docu-drama" I thought this series was great and very telling for the scenario that played out and the ignorance of people in power who want to stay in power or give the illusion that the "state" or one person is right. I also enjoyed the underlining theme that science should take a back seat to what one person thinks is correct. Very fitting even for today's world and political climate. Even in this country instead of the "state" being the ones to cover up or dismiss scientific data it is the large corporations. First of all, I have to mention that I am definitely not a series fan. Can't stand the fact that in order to get a whole picture I have to watch 6 seasons with 20 episodes each.<br/><br/>So the first thing I enjoyed was a great format - mini-series (5 hours long). Longer than a normal movie and way shorter than series. Gives you just enough information to process and actually enjoy the content. Worked well for Chernobyl's subject because if it would be shorter then the audience wouldn't have a whole picture. And if it would be longer it would be boring.<br/><br/>A rich mix of feelings throughout the whole series length. I felt depressed, disgusted, sorrow, sedated and anxious. Series ending left me with a mixed feeling for quite a while.<br/><br/>Deep compassion. I decided to separate this feeling from all others because most of the movies or series on a similar subject do not provoke the same feeling inside me. However, this one does.<br/><br/>Memorable characters. Great casting job since every person fits in the picture harmoniously. Even people in masks are different from each other in a good way.<br/><br/>Good background knowledge of the subject. The fact that I was interested in the history of the Chernobyl events made series more entertaining. Have to give credit for accuracy on most of scenes and details.<br/><br/>To conclude I would say that even if you aren't into series in general - this particular one is definitely worth a try. This mini-series proves that 6 episodes is enough to tell a well written, acted, shot and directed drama that can have an emotional impact on people. Because it was real.<br/><br/>Chernobyl was real, many people might not realize it, as often the truth is exaggerated for dramatic and entertainment purposes on TV and movies. But this series got all the essentials right, and even bothered with several details that is impressive for the amount of research they must've done.<br/><br/>With haunting imagery, music and the right amount of what was needed to be shown, this mini-series came off as a tribute to those affected by the Chernobyl incident. It respectfully tells the story of those who suffered, and tells an important message about "the cost of lies". This miniseries makes the viewer feel so many different emotions. This miniseries was done so well in every aspect. The best thing about this miniseries was the authenticity. The music, scenery, and acting all made me feel like I was there while it was happening. The facts presented were also done extremely well and I can't believe all of this stuff actually happened.<br/><br/>This miniseries was so captivating in showing all of the different perspectives that were a part of this catastrophe. I loved seeing what it was like from the perspective of the scientist, the common people, the firefighters, and even the brave men who had to go back into town to slay the dogs. Even though this was only a five episode series, there were so many powerful scenes that made you feel how real and truly massive this historical event really was.<br/><br/>The scene during the trial when the physicist was explaining how the reactor works with the red and blue cards was brilliant, and really helped the viewer understand why this night in Chernobyl went so terribly wrong. I would recommend this show to anyone, and I also think everyone should watch it. Both for the entertainment and the educational values it holds.<br/><br/>I also thought they did a great job with displaying the radiation sickness and made it feel so real and authentic. You could also feel how strained they were for resources, and how little they were equipped to deal with a disaster like this. I can't say enough how much I loved this miniseries!! Thankfully this show did not go down the anti-nuclear route and sensationalized the whole event, it pretty much stuck to the facts as we know it. Ok there was some dramatic license taken with the court case and legasovs final denouement, and of course the creation of the fictional female scientist, but in large it was very accurate. Particularly impressive was the reconstruction of the liquidators on the roof, watch the real videos and you will see how accurate they tried to portray the events. But perhaps the most impressive part of the show was how they managed to explain the accident, it's not a simple thing and TV (and certainly movies) often grossly simplify complex events, but they took it on brilliantly and despite lots of books on the subject this is probably the best lay mans explanation there is. This is the greatest TV show I have ever seen. Johan Renck and everyone involved in this production did an incredible job. It is a dramatization, but it feels incredibly real. Renck and his team did a wonderful job honoring all the victims and heroes of the story. This series captivated and engulfed me in a way no other series ever has. Everyone needs to see this. How to even begin.<br/><br/>The production quality, the acting, the story, the reality, the direction..
It is just perfect, there is no long, boring, short, easy, cheap out, cut out moment in it.<br/><br/>It does what i wants to be, exceeds it, and by telling this incredible and horrible scary story, it makes history as history Chernobyl did.<br/><br/>People that has been effected by this catastrophe, new comers, side viewers, countries, the whole world, it does justice to it by telling it how it is, was, and what it will be.<br/><br/>This is a piece of art, and after seeing endless series, thousands of movies. I'm pretty positive this is one of the best, if not *the best.<br/><br/>Just watched will you.<br/><br/>And thank you, i love'd every second, as much that it affected me. Wow.. amazing... last episode is a masterpiece. Last ten minutes are totally breathtaking. What people might not emotionally understand is that the song "Vichnaya pamyat" is sang at funerals during the toughest moments of the proceeding, so every Ukrainian person, and I believe Russian and Belarus people as well, have a whole personal background of emotions associated with this melody and words. And when you put your very personal background and mix it with the story of what effect the disaster itself had on your countrymen, and frankly speaking on your family members, and potentially you and all your future generations, that mix is impossible to put into words. At the end of the last episode I needed a second to disassociate myself from the episode and the only thing I could say afterwords was "wow". This is how good the story was told. There is not a character more evil than the dosimeter. Each tick is thousands of microscopic bullets shredding the cells in your body to pieces. My blood pressure is up just typing this.<br/><br/>Chernobyl grabs you, makes you feel the despair, suspense, fear, agony, hopelessness, hope, anger, sadness, revenge, and so many more emotions. This show is so captivating from the very detailed sets, the actors, the music, and the aforementioned dosimeter. It has successfully delivered an emotional connection you will see from other reviewers. It is not necessarily entertainment but a 'must watch' event. Perfect length, perfect story, character development, music and sound. It is an instant classic.<br/><br/>I highly recommend listening to the Podcasts after each episode. There is a lot of additional and intensely interesting information. It may not be my favourite TV Show but it is definitely very good. It is good at using scope to see the effect of the event on other people in different perspectives. The dialogue is superb and the science is explained very well. And in the end, it shows us the efforts of all those who sacrificed themselves and died trying to save the earth from destruction. It also shows us Valery Legasov, who did everything he could to stop this event from destroying many lives and also telling the truth in the end because it was the best thing to do but ended up feeling he wanted to die. This is the first time i write a review, this mini series deserve more than 10/10. I hope that we can see something like this in the future. Hyper-realism. Until this point only available on Nat Geo channels and Animal Planet. However, when Chernobyl hit the TV screens, hyper-realism is no longer a documentary channel exclusive. Chernobyl is dark, difficult and hides nothing from the viewers. It is, by some standards, the best depiction of USSR policies and by far the best sociological drama I have seen in a very, very long time.<br/><br/>1) The story. For those uninformed of the tragedy and how it transpired, it is best to view this show without much information. The less you know, the better the impact the show will have. Everyone is familiar with the tragedy and the aftermath, however, the show deals with it in almost all of the segments of the tragedy. From the very explosion, covering the imminent aftermath, the clean-up and consequences of the explosion up until the very ending and the revelation of how an RBMK reactor explodes. The show holds nothing back, even at the cost of gruesome and disturbing imagery (of which certain elements could have been left out, but that is just a personal preference). The show perfectly balances it's five episodes and dictates the pace of the narration to the point of absolute perfection. Every episode has a primary goal which it accomplishes by the end of the episode. These goals vary from - denial and cover up; the realization of the magnitude of the catastrophe; the aftermath; the clean up; the truth. The story also perfectly balances the difficulty of dealing with such a problem in the USSR, especially criticizing regime's approach to the problem. The episodes feel coherent and balanced in direction and pace, never losing track of the goals and messages they are meant to be sending to the viewers.<br/><br/>However, hyper-realism comes at a cost. Even though the story has no narrative flaws nor does it feel incoherent, it contains segments that are unfinished. The primary examples are the miners and the animal squad. The first were meant to be some sort of relief from the difficulty of the story but after that episode they are not addressed any more which is a shame as their story segment needed a clearer conclusion. The animal squad was a bit underdeveloped. Their story has a very important message and has incredible weight but, just as the miners, feels a bit unfinished. The second problem is the lack of a dramatic spike in certain elements. Drama series require such elements in order to maintain tension. Chernobyl, however, is a series that has continuous tension at the same level from start to finish, so the further grave and mortal dangers feel just the same as the rest of the show. The tension is there, it just never changes it's level. If the creators varied the tension in certain points as they did in the "three men water segment" this series would be completely flawless.<br/><br/>2) The acting. Without a glitch. Top notch and perfect. It was a very smart idea to cast acclaimed dramatic actors such as Harris, SkarsgÃ¥rd and Watson to carry the show as their performances really portray the overall feel of the series. Their acting is deep and profound, as well as full of meaning and allegory. Harris is not just a typical scientist fighting the military way of thinking, he represents an ideological struggle against a system doomed to fail from the start. SkarsgÃ¥rd does not only represent a party man, he represents that the system can and must change. Watson represents the will to change the system with knowledge, but lack of power to do so. None of them leave their roles, go over the top nor do they disobey their characters at any point. It is also visible that they wanted to create characters who would simultaneously impact the viewers as the series itself. Other actors did a splendid job as well, especially the ones with minor roles (e.g. Ferns) but the one that really stands out is Paul Ritter who did such a beautiful job portraying the villainous Dyatlov. A splendid job.<br/><br/>3) Direction. There are very few episodes in tv history that have such flawless direction in their entire run-time, but Chernobyl has managed to create five of the most perfectly directed episodes in history. There is not a single scene out of place, no loss of the main story, full character development, perfect depiction of the tragedy from start to finish with side-stories and political connotations and criticism. Johan Renck is a master of the trait and should be awarded for his work.<br/><br/>4) The music. This one will be set to personal preferences. Even though the music fits the series perfectly it's sole purpose is to make the viewer tense. Again, if this was used only in certain segments it would have been much more effective and it would have had a much stronger impact. However, a continuous use of the same music in order to make the viewers continuously tense becomes a little too much somewhere around episode four. A few lighter tones and much softer notes would have made a more emotional impact in certain scenes.<br/><br/>5) The finale. "What makes an RBMK reactor explode?" scene is one of the best tv series finale of all time. A single sentence, executed with flawless perfection by Harris, represented the climax of the show, the historical connotation of a political system and a warning to the world, politicians and scientists today. The effect that segment of the final episode had on the viewers is right up there with The Winds of Winter, Ozymandias etc. However, taking into consideration the historic and political connotation that the final episode of Chernobyl has, one could argue that it is the greatest finale in tv series history.<br/><br/>In the midst of a hyperinflation of tv series, as well as the disappointing endings tv series have recently provided their fans, Chernobyl leaves all who view it in a perpetual state of awe and utmost respect for those who made it, lived though the tragedy and survived and for all those who died because of it.<br/><br/>Absolute perfection. Dont really know how to describe this miniseries in words. It is obviosuly a MUST SEE. So many scenes where you feel like you are watching art. Music and cinematography are out of this world.<br/><br/>Very dark and heavy on the mind to watch. It gets you thinking. 2 different generations that are alive today all have memories of this happening. People are still suffering from illness. WTF?<br/><br/>Great acting, great writing and great directing. Every episode had its somewhat own story, all being masterpieces. Very well put together.<br/><br/>I kind of wonder what Russia today feels about this release. The world is again talking about Chernobyl, and everybody has a voice today. They didnt back in the 80s.<br/><br/>Fun fact. "Proud" as a Swede seeing both the director of all episodes Johan Renck, Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd and Fares Fares (The solider accompaning the kid in EP 4) are from Sweden! :)<br/><br/>Great work everybody involved! This really is one of the best shows I've ever seen and it is THE best show of 2019 so far.<br/><br/>What we have is a neatly contained series, without any influence of needing to build it's viewership over seasons; a story that is full of, but not cramped with, information of the actual events; it tells you about the techincal perspective (if you're interested), about the people involved and about the politics and bureaucracy.<br/><br/>But it also hit you in the feels with it's take on the personal sacrifices and the fact that this catastrophy would haver been even worse if the people didn't have their sense of duty and civic solicitude. The thoughts and philosophy of science and truth is also really striking.<br/><br/>All this is set against beautiful music, sound and cinematography.
It's just perfect. The series takes the viewers on the location. You feel like it's happening to you. Great job, and awesome performances by the actors. Kudos !!! For a long while, I've been a fan of the whole thing around Chernobyl. The disaster, the aftermath, the atmosphere around it, the area. It's dreary, creepy, gloomy, and interests me so much. My review alone, can not in anyway do justice to how in depth an amazing this show is. It is only 5 episodes. But these are some of the most in depth and entertaining 5 episodes of a show I've seen in a long time.<br/><br/>The show revolves around the explosion, what happened right after the explosion, and how it happened. And it ends perfectly, with the why. The lead up to it. When they show shots of the core (yes, you get to see reactor 4's core, on fire). It's the most terrifying thing I can say I've seen. Comparing to horror movies, this is something else. When you see inside reactor 4, and see its power, it's fury. It's staring death straight in the eye's. It's pure hell, all crammed into one building. And during the fire fighters attempting to put out the fire, the workers digging countless hours in, and showing all the brave men who risked their lives to save millions.<br/><br/>This show was amazing. The actors do a stupendous job, the cinematic shots, editing, CGI, story, everything, just makes you feel on edge. Emotional even. During this ominous, but very true story, of Chernobyl.<br/><br/>I 100% recommend it, and I implore you to give this a shot. You will not regret it! Absolutely brilliant, everybody should watch this masterpiece. I think the only people who gave less than 10 to this TV Show are Russian Comrades. If you want to learn what exactly happened in Chernobyl and Europe in consequence, definitely give a chance to the series.
Perfectly executed, full of facts, great actors. Point-blank. There would be no possible way to imagine a better series finale
Its the best mini series i had seen Everything about this series is incredible! The acting is second to none! You can actually feel the stress that the actors are portraying. The authenticity of the vehicles, the clothing and what I believe is the idiocy of the Communist regime. Caring not about their fellow comrades, but about the Party, first and foremost! A really good watch and I thoroughly enjoyed every moment of it! Such a well made series !! The way they showed that era, the acting and the way they told the scientific situations and the truth is so fascinating ! And at the same time it's terrifying to know that something like that actually happened !
I can't put my finger on any flaw in the production ! Really deserves all the praise !! Well done! I highly recommend - a stark reminder to all what Communist totalitarian system was about- incompetence, indifference and fear, my generation was happy to break free from that reality, for some viewers this may be the first virtual encounter with "Soviet paradise". It's so good yet horrific that I haven't been my normal self since I watched it. It got me right in the heart. So captivating. From the first episode, few minutes in and I was holding on to my ears and hair and that's how I knew I wanted to watch more even though it was so painful to watch. I didn't know about Chernobyl. I wasn't born till years later and I never learned it in school. So this show was an eye opener. I had to read more about it after watching. This series won my heart over. Never had any movie, tv show or anything made my heart pound so much, worry so much or cry so much. All the heroes and the innocents...ok, now I'm emotional again ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ Chernobyl deserves all the awards and I'm going to find every site to vote for them because that's how much I loved it. Beautifully delivered by all actors, writers and directors involved in the series. No Hollywood showbiz pazzazz, just beautifully understated and deserves every plaudit. Simply beautiful. Before I watched it, I didn't know about nuclear enerfy and its harms. But I am aware of what nuclear santrals could or can do to our world anymore. In Turkey we don't have any of them. But the goverment want to build it eagerly. Because of this awareness I have been thinking I prostest that building process. Nowadays, many people say it is hard to find out a way to produce series as good as Breaking Bad, The Wire, the Sopranos, etc. Chernobyl proved us we were wrong. This mini-series reproduces the best way possible everything that happened back then at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, specially the influence that the Soviet mistakes, lack of discipline and abusive pride had on the accident. Huge congratulations to all the producers, writers and actors, especially Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard, who definitely made the best roles. Last but not least, Craig Mazin, the creator of the show, who brought us the finest example of true facts masterpiece.
A 10/10 ending, for a 10/10 TV show. Highly recommend it to everyone! What a amazing piece of history explained in the most interesting way. Understandable by all and forgettable by none. I cant remember watching anything so brilliant since Imitation game and this was so much better. Amazing short series, it makes you think how close we was to a different world we live in now. WOW, WOW and WOW. A must watch. I rarely watch dramas but i have followed the Chernobyl disaster since i remember it in my childhood so i had to watch this. I have to say that the story line, filming and the accuracy of the whole series was astounding! It was a must watch! The actors were phenomenal and the story was both gripping and extremely sad. 10/10 for the whole experience in fact 15/10! This work of art is a mustwatch.
Really worthy of having claimed the spot of the best TV series of all time. Top notch in all aspects. Best "short" series I have watched. Had to make accoumt just for this review Interesting, breathtaking and a great portrait to the cold war, from the soviet point of view. When words are not enough the camera views do the talking. After watching all 5 episodes, I can safely say that this would be best miniseries of all time and it would be almost impossible to top this. The most I liked with this series is the set design, the details they showed is incredible. Everyone knows what happened in Chernobyl Nuclear Disaster before watching this series and how Soviet Union hid that. This series showed the impact of Chernobyl at global scale as well as individual scale and how people sacrificed themselves willingly and some unwillingly to contain the disaster from spreading more, while some are forced to do things they didn't want to do. I liked the acting especially by Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard. The character I liked the most from this series is Mining workers leader played by Alex Ferns I believed. Johan Renck has done an incredible job in directing this series - from the long drone shots to the bodies of firefighters after nuclear disaster, it was incredible in the series. Some people are complaining about English accent, but in real Chernobyl they didn't spoken Russian accent either or English at all, they spoke Russian. I also heard that costume wore by the characters was also done according to 1986 Soviet Union. This series also shows how people lives under Soviet Union and KGB during that time. I hope future directors will learn something from this incredible masterpiece. I give this series perfect score without a doubt. Everything already been said, just wanna say thank you for an outstanding experience to the whole show team. Best in ages. Just finished 5th episode and its been while since i was literally speechless after a movie or show.. this is really one hell of show. Well done 5 episodes of enjoyment,a piece of art, unique of its type. Nothing comes close to the true horror of reality - in this case the invisible monster called radiation.
Everything about this show has been said and I can only add my 10 points and hope this show started a new trend in TV show making. Watching this show produced goosebumps and fear at knowing what is coming. The sheer magnitude of the event, the incomprehensible stupidity of the antogonists and the unbridled bravery of the protagonists demonstrated both extremities of the human condition. The final courtroom shootout is the most compelling television that you can watch. Breathtaking. I don't usually write reviews because is not my right to do it, but it doesn't mean that I don't watch a lot of series and movies, most of them high ranked, but I honestly want to say that this is one of the biggest masterpieces that film industry gave to the culture. Everything from actors, to the script the way that actors have played their roles, ABSOLUTELY EVERYTHING was great. From the beginning to the end everything was made with such meticulosity and talent. I hope the lesson will be learned and see the world as it is and search for the truth until we'll find it.<br/><br/>I hope that more people will see this and realize how series and movies should be made. I also hope that none will thing that this is a propaganda creation, because is not, communism can be defined be what happened to Chernobyl: a catastrophe to the world.<br/><br/>P.S. Maybe Academy Awards will make a section for series, because this one definitely deserves one. Whilst our screens have been dominated over decades if "over the top" and "exagerrated" versions of real life events that at times and in most cases usually steer away from the reality of what actually happened, "Chernobyl" is a perfect example of how to do it right! This mini drama series which is being classed as "The greatest Drama in TV history", proves that you do not need to make significant changes from the real events that took place to draw in your audience. "<br/><br/>"Chernobyl" is dark, gripping and a very depressing show. Exactly as it should be! The attention to detail is amazing and the team that worked on recreating everything from the buildings, rooms, surroundings, costumes and vehicles deserve huge credit. The look of Cherbobyl really does show how dark and depressing it was back in the 1980s when the event took place. As I stated, it truly does look like Hell on Earth, I couldn't imagine what the people of Chernobyl must have gone through, whether they lost their lives due to the radiation, made it to safety or what they may have witnessed during that time.<br/><br/>It has been said by those who worked on the series that this is more of a "reserved" telling of the events and that there were no reasons to "exagerrate" the events that took place. This of course refers to that although it tells the story pretty accurately, some of the true devastation that went on was far worse than what we see. I do agree with the creators as it could have made the series very difficult to watch, especially as it is well documented just how much effected Children at the time. The make up team did a great job showing the condition of the human body of some of the people affected by the radiation. It truly is frightening to think that it actually happened and so many unfortunate people suffered the way they did. This is the first time in my life, that I looked at the timer of the movie not to check, when it will finish, but how much more is left to see, and I wanted it to last as long as possible. Nothing more to say, the tragedy of the people and the workers is represented very well, the sound effects are marvelous, the cast is astonishing, it feels like you were there, I love this show. Firstly, considering that Craig has mainly written comedies, he should be proud of his achievements here.<br/><br/>I'll keep this short. This show is pure genius. Everything about it is gold. It is by far the best show of all time.<br/><br/>Bravo!!! This mini series is going to win every single award it is nominated for. The acting, the direction, the writing, the cinematography, the music, the editing (I could go on and on) were all phenomenal. But what is truly amazing is how relevant this show is to today. The cost of lies. I've never seen anything like it. And I probably won't see something like this again in my lifetime. I know this term is thrown around a lot, but this mini series is truly extraordinary. You get an Emmy! You get an Emmy! You get an Emmy! Everyone gets an Emmy! Yeaaaaa No television show, movie or documentary has ever reached me the way Chernobyl has. Brilliant in every dark and beautiful aspect.<br/><br/>Normally when "Hollywood" and history meet, history is on the losing side. Not here. It is laid bare. In all it's humanity and all of human's defects and beastly nature. Though not void of liberties with some facts, history wins here. So does just a little bit of our humanity.<br/><br/>Thank you! Thank you all! Cast and crew.<br/><br/>10/10, awards to follow. Its long enough to encompass all events, and strong enough in story telling to give you a tale every episode. Each, its own movie; giving a new take on the human cost of Chernobyl. Based almost entirely on fact, what little isn't, is merely collections of actions brought into one person or idea to convey their significance to the audience. This is an Uncle Tom's Cabin, a 1984, a story of the freedoms of man. What do I mean? Its starts a discussion, on a paradigm that still faces us as a species on every level to this day: "What is the cost of lies?" Chernobyl fills the void that the Game of Thrones (GoT) series finale leaves HBO subscribers. This show alone, is worth the premium cable channel's subscription fee for all of 2019. Network executives were smart to release this show when they did -- HODORing potential HBO subscription cancellations following the GoT finale.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is a 5-part mini-series that provides great acting, thrilling scenes, and effective story telling of the horrors of the greatest nuclear disaster in history. It's hard to imagine the events depicted in this show actually happened. Each episode leaves viewers wanting more -- more minutes, more scenes, more show, and most importantly, more insight into the potentially forgotten stories that occurred in 1986 due to politically motivated cover-ups.<br/><br/>Production is top-notch, as are the extras available on the HBO app, providing more context regarding not only the show, but the actual historical event itself. There is a podcast from the show creators intended to supplement each episode to provide even more insight into the life and times of those that actually lived through this disaster. This content mix provides an immersive experience that goes far beyond each 60 minute episode, if you're interested... which you certainly will be. This series is simply breathtaking. Knowing what happened and what it all looks like in real life ... How they copied it all is simply spectacular. I have no words for this amazing masterpiece I was little when Chernobyl happened. We never learnt about it in schools. I just remember it was bad. Living in the U.K. nobody spoke to me about it and time passed. I'm now an adult with my own family. Watching this series has made me look into Chernobyl more. The families effected by this tragedy and how they cope now I can't imagine how they got through this. The show is identical to everything I saw in a documentary (Chernobyl Cafe available to watch on Amazon ) and we were stunned how every little detail was the same. The people who created this deserve every award available. It's the only series I have ever seen, that when the credits come on at the end, I just sit in silence trying to take in everything I've just seen. The haunting silence at the end of the episodes is like they almost pay tribute to the lives lost. The heroes who risked their lives to save everyone else.<br/><br/>Outstanding acting, casting, script writing & scene setting. This isn't a glossy over-dramatisation. It gives us the truth. It is relentless and I applaud SKY for having Claire Corkhill (nuclear disposal expert) be on twitter whilst this was on, to speak about nuclear power and give facts about what happened. Every aspect was covered professionally and respectfully. I had my doubts about this series as I assumed wrongly it would be over-hyped, glossy Hollywood style where there is one hero who saves everyone. This has taken the way t.v series is made and not just shaken things up but released an earthquake into the filming industry. The detail that has gone into portraying the scenes. The human portrayal of such a horrific incident. Outstanding & touches the soul. Got no words for it.... the first few minutes hope they make more like this kind of serie or Just a next season!!! Everything was scary for hours and days on the show but the sound track was all scary.
Never let the small guy do biggest job. I lived in Austria at the time and remember that we were not allowed to go outside and play. The mini series is awesome, shows how defective the whole system was, let's blame someone and move on. What happened in Chernobyl was more than a catastrophy. It's mass murder in a slow motion. The clean up: 700,000 men!!!! Wow, life was cheap in soviet times. Amazing, better than anything I have watched recently. The greatest TV series to date. I have been gripped from start to finish. Chernobyl is best seires👌👍 tnx hbo is best very best This show highlights and gives a real sense to the viewer that was the horror that these people endured as a result of the disaster. I get a feeling of isolation and helplessness of the people that were affected and yet they still did their very best to suppress the radiation. The scale of it blows my mind and this show really immerses you into the chaos that it was. The acting, costumes, makeup is incredible in my opinion and I can't wait for episode 5 to come out! I have been sitting on the edge of my seat! So brilliant and so brutal! One of the best series so far. The story is great, good actors. Very well done! Amazing. Didn't know that people where this unaware of the danger and that the authorities denied it so long. This show is just incredible. The pacing, the writing, the acting, the editing...it's what television should be. Wow. Nothing to add to the other very positive reviews. Just go and watch this. Sleeper hit. Time capsule of what could happen tomorrow. So many genres. So many warnings. Stunning performances of stunning writing. Utterly engaging, this miniseries is as flawless as a TV show can be. I feared that the British accents would ruin the show for me, but within 15 min of the first episode I had so completely given myself over to the whole thing that it was like I was watching it in Russian but translated into English using one of those fancy sci-fi translators that don't exist. The level of realism, honesty and overall quality places Chernobyl on a level with Band of Brothers, the absolute pinnacle of HBO Miniseries. No higher praise can be given. This show exhibits the Truth of Disaster happened at Chernobyl on April 26, 1986. As I watch this, the scary moments came coming up. I mean the Radioactive particles can cause the damage in such a extent on humans was never seen on TV. Full marks for Directors and all Stars on cast. Scariest show than horror movies. Completely concise in tone, style and horrific atmosphere. This show is absolutely shocking and feels like it sits very close to the truth.
Can't really say much other than I think it is sublime storytelling of true and terrifying events, maybe the worst in human history... Loved it
Truly one of the best thing I've ever seen
As russian I'm proud to know that people want to share the true story of Chernobyl This serie catched me faster than any serie or movie before. Exiting and terryfying at the same time.<br/><br/>And its such a learning film cause you get to learn in detail what really happend in Tjernobyl. So far, the show has been amazing!!
HBO did a great job again!
Surpassed even my best expectations, thanks for the great show. Thank you, thank you, thank you HBO and all people involved into this production! The level of details on this production is out of this world,you do feel immersed on it!
You are part of the accident,you are brought to1986! While I was not alive during this horrific accident, I must feel the way some people including some who posted in the reviews felt during this tragedy. While this is a short series, it seems to get everything correct as it was made in history. Chernobyl is a very touchy subject, and Chernobyl Diaries was the most recent film to show things that happen there. I believe HBO worked with local groups to master the craft of this series.<br/><br/>Many are wondering why are they not speaking russian. Well, this is being showed in the U.S. I actually want to visit the exclusion zone to witness this disaster, and see the recovery first hand. All those cars, clothes and stuff. I actually lived that moment with this masterpiece. Simply a brilliant drama. A must for anyone interested in seeing sublime tension building and camera work. Where less is more. This show showed the horrifying story stories of the people that risked theyer lifes sl we can be here Harrowing, disastrous and fatal accident, but directing and acting is brilliant, magnificent and superb. I was born in Poland on the 26th of January 1986, three months before the explosion. In some strange way I was always attracted to anything that something to do with Chernobyl accident, books, documentaries, S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game etc. To watch such great production made professionally and with world class actors, showing horrors of first months after explosion, the uncertainty of what's going to happen, it all created very convincing production. I absolutely loved it. Sensational writing, directing and production.<br/><br/>Those complaining about the slow motion and the lack of action are completely missing the point. I love it , Finally HBO created a imperressive Serie . I have changed my mind about my habitat after watched it. I'm so glad HBO did this to bring more awareness. Baffled by the details of this show, while I know some of it is fictionalized I also know some of the situations would have actually happened. Intense, sad, eye opening, and absolutely worth watching- just have something light on back up to watch afterwards This is by far the best mini series I have ever seen. To visualise what happened in Chernobyl is so nerve wrecking.
It have me goosebumps with every passing second and the way it is portrayed is beyond words. The story moves as it should have been and it manifested the reality even more.
The cast, the direction, the makeup is so edgey and near perfect that I can not stop but praise it more and more.
The devastation shown with the severity of neuclear reactions and the pain they cause is just flawless and horrific too, of course.
I recommend everyone to watch it for once as you will see the short stories you studied in your school life about it was worth studying and will intrigue you throughout the series moving on the screen.
I'm sure the last episode will stand out. For sure. Brilliant telling of the worst ecological disaster ever to challenge a nation. When the reactor blew, the politburo, unwilling to about that such a thing could happen in anything built by the great Soviet, in trying to keep this a secret, doomed many to die. The bravery of the first responders & then the Soviet military, is bravery of the highest order. This is simply brilliant and horrifying. It's fascinating how HBO can go from getting something so wrong with the final season of Game of Thrones to something like this which is equivalent to a cinematic masterpiece.<br/><br/>The show plays on hindsight in an amazing way but can still keep the tension to a brilliantly entertaining level.<br/><br/>Jared Harris does a fantastic job playing the lead role as professor Legasov. The nuance and conflict displayed, which intensifies as the season progresses is excellent. You find him becoming more frustrated with how the Soviet's used to organise their country and how the mind and action of one man can save half a continent.<br/><br/>I could not recommend the series enough.
If you are looking for a gripping drama/documentary that encapsulates what TV series is all about... then this will keep you hooked throughout, Absolutely mindblowing TV show. This show will go down in the history as one of the greatest. The delicate realism portrayed by the characters in this show is never before found in any other. The author not only succeeded on educating the population about the Chernobyl nuclear disaster but he struck the right balance between education and cinematography that made this show consumable by the population at large.<br/><br/>This show is a masterpiece because it is simply flawless. I personally loved the unique style of cinematography and the right depth of details in the story. Science can be trivial most of the times and this show encourages the audience to explore the world around them.<br/><br/>I'm pleased with the effort the show's team put into this amazing TV series and I hope to see more of their works in the future. The trailer was absolutely amazing, but I was afraid that in the end the show would be Hollywoodyly over dramatized (which would've made it whole less scariess in my opinion, since in this case, nothing is scarier than the reality). Fortunately I was completely completely wrong. The show is historically accurate (apart for few alterations, which are discussed in the podcast, like combining group of scientist into one made up character for simplification) and the dialogs are superb and feel very authentic.There's not a moment in the episodes where I felt disintrested by the action and after every episode I feel emotionally drained (in a good way) and like I had absorbed a dose of radiaton myself. That's the only thing I want to say. This is one of the best TV Shows that I've seen. Excellent acting, excellent cinematography. Thank you, HBO. This is a masterpiece. Nothing less. A must watch! It reflects the creeping horror, the mistrust and incompetence in the system. It also captures the complete lack of transparency. Today with smartphones and internet the news of such an event would hit everyone within a couple of hours, but then everyone, even those right next to the accident, was kept in the dark for days and was only gradually made aware of the gravity of the situation.<br/><br/>I was 10 when the accident happened. And while being a Scandinavian I was fairly safe, I still remember being home alone and hearing about the accident on our black/white television. It was truly horrifying. Growing up, I've always loved history.
Chernobyl is a part of it that has intrigued me. For obvious reasons there is next to no footage/photography. Barely any testimonies to mankind's, manmade disaster.<br/><br/>In school I wish this mini-series was something we were made to watch, be it in history or science. It applies to both.
I had goosebumps, a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach, palpitations and so many other aghast emotions, watching this! Very rare.<br/><br/>It also shows man's own arrogance. Humankind is quite capable of being destroyed by their own creations. Such scientific minds, yet what was learned after Hiroshima?
The ones covering it up, denying it, should have been made to open valves, dig the tunnel with the miners. Utter cowards.<br/><br/>The acting, the script, the scenery, the brutal truth out in the open with the radiation...
Kudos! Bravo!
It worries me how guilty I feel admitting to thoroughly enjoying this series. Amazing performance and adaptation of the real tragedy that happened at Chernobyl. I highly recommend watching this drama. The mood of the time is captured so precisely and the acting is top notch. The series mainly focuses on how the disaster was managed and the politics at play. Stellan is his usual stellar self. Both actors playing the professors are sublime too, as is the supporting cast. There are even some dark humour moments, especially with the miners! Don't miss it! I have long been fascinated with the events of Chernobyl and, more specifically, the town of Pripyat. As others have stated, I've read most of what is available on the subject & this miniseries got it right! Thank you, HBO, for allowing this to be shown. There are heroes who knowingly sacrificed their lives to save millions. They should not be forgotten. 3 episodes in and I am hooked. A story that we we've all heard about but never the truth, and in such a well made mini series. Actors are brilliant, and best of all no one tries an accent, it keeps you focused on the story line and characters. Well done HBO The genius behind this is not just the quality of the writing but also the absence of pyrotechnical performances underpinning the hopelessness of the victims and the wonderful production values and cinematography painting the other worldliness of Chernobyl itself as if it were an alien planet. The scene where the chief miner finds out what the mission is, is worth more than all 6 series of Line of Duty put together. Best drama I've seen since Red Riding Wow...what an amazing capture of the Chernobyl disaster. Every episode has been an amazing! I simply had to register to say how much I appreciate this series and to thank for all the tremendous efforts of the crew that went into the making of this picture.<br/><br/>The terror of Chernobyl, the tragedies of people who persevered it all is one of the darkest chapters of Ukrainian history and have affected millions of individuals worldwide.<br/><br/>This was also one of the scariest and most terrifying pictures I have ever seen, simply because there's always an itching feeling somewhere deep inside saying that this may only be a movie, however all this has happened for real, and some stories may have been way more graphic to be put into production.
So far I had shivers down my spine while watching each episode and I think this series strikes right where the directors wanted it to hit.<br/><br/>10/10
Massive appreciation for this work! Yes, it's not a horror movie, it's so factual it's basically a docudrama. But it's scarier than ALL of the horror movies I have ever seen. Another proof you don't need anything supernatural to create absolutely unnerving tension and fear.<br/><br/>The scene in which a hapless engineer looks down the reactor and sees the demolished, glowing, burning core with radioactive waste flying all around him will be forever imprinted on your brain as the best (meaning the worst) depiction of Hell ever seen on TV. Just finished watching the first episode and it is amazing so good maybe one of the best opening to a new series that I have ever watched. This show is very engaging and depicts the Chernobyl tragedy with perfection. I don't think there was a single moment where you would get bored. Just started watching casually but hooked up now. Waiting for next episodes. HBO with another good mini series. Very thrilling script, graciously complemented by a fantastic mood and coloring. Can't wait for the next episodes. Wonderful.. Cannot explain why. My opinion that it's better than any other TV show Chernobyl is one of the best shows ever! It is so good to know that it will not end like Game of Thrones because everything is so real! And so sad! Biggest disaster of our childhood. For a better understanding of the communist era and the toys! we are playing with! Unbelievable episode of a magnificent tv series. Hope that more people get to see this absolute gem. Chilling horrible and heroic WOW. Just WOW! Well done HBO. That's breathtaking. Great acting, great attention to details of showing soviat area atmosphere, great series. Simply put "A MUST WATCH" for everyone interested in the buggest human accident ever. This show made me feel so many emotions. I feel the terror of the disaster and what was at stake. Episode 3 was tough to watch due to the seeing effects of radiation on the human body. The actors are strong, the writing is strong and the story grips you from the start. Great job! All I would say is that the directors/producers/writers are becoming more conscious and using their influence to not only profit and be self centered.<br/><br/>but are becoming more loyal to the public by feeding them what they need and what they should crave for instead of always being lost in imaginations and fantasy.<br/><br/>There need to be a balance between reality and fiction, that's what we all need, to stay in middle and find solace, for there is no other place it could be found.<br/><br/>These half parts of an integral machines are very important in helping everyone to be oblivious to the truth and acceptance, As those who have accepted it have stopped living and those who don't, goes to sleep every night hoping one the would.<br/><br/>what is the truth, no one understands it,
yet everyday 1 little piece of the puzzle is put into place in the grand story of our lives and too sad we never get to see the whole truth about ourselves, but I guess that the reason we are left with imaginations. I am 25 and have grown up in the United States. The only thing I knew of Chernobyl was cheesy portrayals in movies like batman. I did not know much details of what happened but I did know how serious and devastating the situation was. I am so happy this was made because I am in awh and have a pit in my stomach from watching this. This is real, this happened, and this could happen again! This is one of the best shows I've ever seen so far. Everything is so authentic, the surroundings, clothes, cars etc, it's genius. Also, the actors are very well chosen for the roles and they do an excellent job. Great writing, interesting dialogues. Highly recommended! Certainly one of the items on any 'must see' list. You feel the disaster through your television...that is something I hardly experienced...absolutely gripping and scary and it s real it really happened which makes it real life horror I remember the events of the Chernobyl disaster from when I was a young man and I always wanted to know more. This series has brought the story of those fateful days to life in a grim and truthful way. Here in the west we never told about the heroism of those brave men and women who gave their lives to save us all from disaster and reading the words of Russians and Ukrainians about how accurate the uniforms and buildings are only makes me want to watch it more. This is the best show on TV From someone that watches about 20 hours of TV dramas a year I'm a stickler for quality. Chernobyl is outstanding. A very complicated subject is cleverly explained throughout in simple terms without the need of a nuclear scientist sitting on the couch next to you whilst you enjoy this.<br/><br/>First two episodes have been incredible and I don't expect the quality to drop. No filler or writers embellishment required when retelling this horror. The best series out there at the moment 10/10
Way Better than game of thrones it is simply amazing Gripping and real true life drama that very few shows ever come close to Chernobyl story of suffering and horror, the story of fear and anticipation, never forget and will not forget, the people of Chernobyl this tragedy, a series near us what was most happening during this disaster Perfect, creepy and shocking.I highly recommend.Words are insufficient. Perfect, creepy and shocking.I highly recommend... This is by far the best tv show this year.
It's rare to find a tv show with cinematic and oscar quality, all tv series are there to just be interesting and fun for kids and teens, but this one is another level.<br/><br/>Sense, truth, horror, and reality, are all themes for this masterpiece. As well, directing, cinematography, screenwriting, and acting are all done perfectly. Very detailed and dramatized story telling of not only the worst but also the most dangerous man-made disaster in human history.<br/><br/>The world needs to watch this. HBO did it again, and good! It came out of nowhere and in a split second it is one diamond of a mini-serie.<br/><br/>This mini-serie is unbelievably detailed and accurate. It began with the trailer which takes you directly in this nuclear disaster called Chernobyl. The set(ting) is raw, very detailed and does show the horrible things happened out there in a realistic way.<br/><br/>The thing you might get irritated by is that practically all the actors speaks English, but for me it does not feel annoying in any sort. Small parts in de mini-serie are Russian on those right moments when for example warnings are given.<br/><br/>One actor in particular does an amazing job, Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd. His whole expression and way of acting during the mini-serie is very good. Because of him many shocking scenes, and there're many, get that extra load of detail and adds so much more dimension. Much compliments for this man!<br/><br/>To summarize it all: just watch it. You won't regret it. This mini-serie shows how dangerous nuclear energy can be and what the consequences of using it are. Everything about those miniseries is outstanding .Haven't seen anything so powerful before. Could feel the horror even though there are no monsters or ghosts.. the sheer madness it gives because of the possibility of it happening to us somewhere down the lane leaves you in a state of mortification....!! My first IMDb comment because this series is definitly worth it. HBO honestly I have no words to say how thankful I'm for this TV production.
I live in Transylvania (Romania) and I was born in 88 and I kept hearing stuff about Chernobyl as a young kid. I started to watch documentaries about it after I saw your 1st episode. And I'm really really sorry that I haven't done it sooner. As the years went by I forgot about this event and I feel bad about that.
I can really relate to it because Romania it's a Eastern Europe Country. It's Ukraine's south neighbor. When I see the cities and apartment blocks are just like ours because of the soviet influence. Anyway I'm sorry for the long intro...<br/><br/>Into more of a critic way maybe it would be more genuine if the actors used the real language as the real people did back then. But I can't give less than 10* just because of that. So far everything that I saw in the two episodes is top notch.
I hope HBO decides to release it as a blu-ray special with extra features or something like behind the scenes from Chernobyl's "twin" sister reactor.<br/><br/>My best regards to the producers and to all people that were and are involved in this gigantic project.
Peace! Masterpiece .. waiting for third episode anxiously Best horror series made ever but there s only one tiny thing. It s all really happened which makes it so scary Definitely one of the best series HBO has done no doubt in that. Well directed , great acting, well everything is great . Got hooked to the show from episode 1. There isn't any lag it's just straight on to the point. Your gonna love this Amazing first two episodes. Please please please let's hope it continues for the rest of the series. If it does it would be one of the best HBO shows! I like it because i love the near history films and it's beautiful This is brilliant. It's dark, nasty, grim but certainly does it's best to give an insight into the tragedy. Very well acted, directed. Excellent. While the show is solid, and has some strong points, and some artistic liberties can be granted (English speaking does not really matter, its OK even to introduce a fictional character to represent many scientists), it turns too many times into a western cold-war propaganda caricature that is almost rac ist in its pandering to the worst and most insulting prejudice. Yes, Soviet system was broken, but not in a way they portray. The elite apparatchiks were not some low class bully thugs that threatened to throw an elite academic out of the helicopter (that more accurately portrays US marines dealing with some captured Vietcong soldiers, but can you imagine USA secretary of energy threatening Feynman during Challenger investigations in such a way - well, notwithstanding Soviet corruption, neither it was realistic in the Soviet system). The incompetence of the Soviet people was way overstated, some key plot points are insultingly invented. While the reality of the problems in Soviet Union were perhaps too subtle for the western audiences and directors and writers of the series (that are obviously marinated in anti-Russian prejudice, that blurred their "vision"), the crudity of the portrayal of the problems that caused the disaster is laughable.<br/><br/>Still, the series has some authenticity to it. Decision to portray Soviet living standard in a more realistic way than usual (hence avoid propaganda at least there), as well as some authentic facts that survived the rac ist bias of series' authors almost by accident, are strong points. The series has a sinister feel, though still a bit ruined by some liberties that authors took for entertainment purposes. While falls a bit short of shows like Breaking Bad etc, the series is pretty captivating for all but the dum best of viewers. The killing of pets scenes are hard to watch as are scenes of suffering, but the horrors were based at least on the reality.<br/><br/>Hence if taken with a grain of salt, and understanding that many events were plain invented for the purpose of drama and pandering to anti-Russian and anti -Soviet sentiment and bias, on the expense of authenticity, it still does show some sympathy for the ordinary men, and at least makes an effort to give a captivating, if biased and limited by the overwhelming intellectual shortcomings of its authors, account of the events. Worth a watch, but beware of the fake authenticity claims. Just couldn't digest it with english voices. I also have a feeling there is just too much myths over facts to please the youngest audience who is extremaly hyped about Chernobyl. Not to mention its full of bad stereotypes about Russia and russians. There are few documentary movies that are more interesting and accurate. This film is a beautifully made anti-Soviet and anti-Russian propaganda. How cost the lie? You can see the cost of this HBO Series to understand how much. 20% of the film is true facts and 80% hypocritical lies. The art of the producers is how the true facts are subtly woven into the web of lies. People who have never seen documentary films about this catastrophe will never be able to determine this fact.<br/><br/>Some facts - Legasov was not a physicist, he was a chemist!
At that time, the Soviet Union was dry law and therefore no one could give a soldier or other worked people the vodka!
Legasov's report at the IAEA was never challenged by anyone until now.<br/><br/>Scherbina was an engineer by education, she was in charge of the energy sector of the Soviet industry and therefore knew the structure of the nuclear power plant well.<br/><br/>Both Shcherbina and Legasov were communists (they were members of the Communist Party), and also were the elite of Soviet society, and therefore, as shown in the film, they could not communicate disrespectfully among themselves. Scientists in Soviet society greatly respected scientists.<br/><br/>Legasov and Shcherbina did not attend the trial and therefore did not reveal any "truth".<br/><br/>"The bridge of death" - that was what the locals called him before the explosion, because a motorcyclist died in this place several years ago. And it was just a local story. Since the explosion occurred at 2 am, no one came to the bridge, everyone was asleep !!!!<br/><br/>
Check this facts himself and know how cost the lie. The credit for the acting, sensitivity, realism & dramatic scenes is all well earned, and this is definitely worth watching. I truly don't understand the hyperbole however, when the darkness is often nearing tediously misplaced & the dialogue protracted offering no character development. Good but by no means better than Sopranos, The Wire, Sharp Objects, Now They See Us. Definitely shows a piece of white nuclear war, nuclear meltdown, could produce and did in this case. It also shows how horrible the socialist/communist system of government actually is. It is clear in that peoples humanity are devoured in a huge government controlled country as is the communist system. Amazing that some democrats in the US actually favor this system. A system where the ruling class controls everything and the rest are basically equally poor. Great series, amazing sacrifices by the people of Russia, and a very clear and honest depiction of a failed communist government. Last Sunday, I started watching Chernobyl, 5 and a half hour later, I asked myself where the hell am I, am I in Pripyat or am I in my bed? One of the finest shows I have ever watched. The story is so intense, that I found it more horrifying than the entire Conjuring universe. I asked me what if horror movies and shows were made with this quality? I'm pretty sure people would start believing in ghosts if they don't.
A must watch from my side. 'I'll just watch one' said I. Five hours later and here I am. A very good series. Well acted, written and filmed. An horrific piece of history told in an impressive piece of TV drama. Will watch again. A++ This short series made by HBO shows exactly how the nuclear disaster of Chernobyl effected the lives of thousands and thousands of people. The acting is unbelievably authentic even if the actors are not speaking Russian but in English. Without visual entertainment like these people will seemingly forget what happened at Chernobyl and to what extent lying begins to cause the death of others over the mental thought of power within the Soviet Union in the 1980's.<br/><br/>Without a doubt, this is the best visual representation of what occurred within that power plant in Chernobyl and I don't think anything will be able to surpass this for a very long time. If you're wanting to go through an astounding piece of art and begin to feel the dread, depression, greed, and hatred that many of these people felt during this disaster, watch this show NOW.<br/><br/>I rate this a 10/10, nothing much comes close to this show in quality whatsoever Highly recommended! Shows communism as it is - a disgusting system, full of lies, violence and censorship... Everything about the show is amazingly done. The acting is top quality. It literally puts you back in the 80s catastrophy. It was a very sad story when it happened in real time.
The things the world did not know finally got exposed.
This series is so well done. Eye opening, sad, shocking. Thank you HBO for this great mini series.At least now we know the sacrifice of many people during the Chernobyl disaster!Alas there isn't any option to give more than 10 stars or I will give it more! This miniseries is very sensitive to what happened at the Chernobyl plant in 1986. Incredible photography, richness of detail that you can not miss. It leaves the spectator at all times tense with the story, even many knowing what happened and the consequences. Jared Harris with a memorable performance. Highlight also for Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd Everybody who lobbies for communism and haven't lived in any soviet state, please take notes because this is the pinnacle of communism representation in mainstream media! Denial, lies, ignorance, lack of freedom of speech, a few thing which was shown in this show very truthfully. So well even the Russians are butthurt about it, and they are going to shoot their own Chernobyl series where a CIA agent was sent to the Chernobyl zone to carry out acts of sabotage. Even now... They try to fabricate, telling lies but never admitting.... Great show! 10/10 Hands down one of the best things my eyes have seen. I started watching chernobyl as a fan of stalker games. Though I knew that it was completely real and there were no fantastic features, I loved it. Especially the ending was amazing and shocking.. Thanks for this production.. You can't have everything fall on it's place all the time - cast, story, narration, direction, technical stuff, graphics, science, theory and what not. It's rare. And I would say Chernobyl is rare.
They didn't drag it along even a bit. It's was just about perfect for what was shown in those episodes. When this miniseries was announced, I was intrigued as I find the subject fascinating. I couldn't have imagined how perfectly HBO depicted the Chernobyl disaster, and it's aftermath. This series has entertained, educated and enthralled me. HBO, you've done it again. Series like this shows how the world rules.
It's a shame when we talk about human lifes and the governments just want to care about nations proud.
Perfect production showing the truth. The inconvenient truth. Cast was great, like they looked so similar to the real ones. Atmosphere was amazing, i get in to these sad and worries mood. I already know about chernobyl and how bad it was but i learned lots of facts about it. There should be more series like this give us the facts about real events and not bore us at the same time. It felt like i lived in it.<br/><br/>I still cannot stop thinking about the fireman. It was sad to know that they were all real and experience that pain. Gripping, sad, wonderful, eye opening drama telling the real reasons for the Chernobyl disaster. I am very impressed by this series. I read some blogs and articles that point out some inaccuracies but we need to keep in mind that this isn't a documentary but a dramatization. And inaccuracies are pretty insignificant.
It is amazing how authentic they managed to portray the Soviet life. was just a toddler when it happened but watching it in this series seemed like a look back into the old home.
Acting is outstanding. One of he most common complaints that I saw (and I didn't see many) was they they didn't have Russian accents. As a Ukrainian that speaks Russian I must say it didn't bother me. Honestly I have a feeling if the actor would try to have a Russian accent it would look like a caricature. Their accents didn't really come to my attention and instead of worrying about that they concentrated on their amazing acting.
These are only 5 episode and this is exactly how many there should be. Simply because they showed us all that was important and not one scene seemed to be insignificant and worth cutting out.
It is incredibly moving. I cried at some point in every episode. The topic of the series is already horrific. It is like watching a movie about the end of Earth. And the creators of the show also added all the human details through the characters (based on real people, including Khumyuk who was a combination of all scientists) always being on point showing real emotions without being cheesy.
Give them all the awards there are. This masterpiece deserves them all. Prepare yourself to be shocked, angry, sad, relieved, satisfied even. This show will make you feel all kinds of emotions, maybe because knowing it's a true story amplifies everything.
100% the best series I have ever watched. Chernobyl is storytelling at its highest and peerless television at its best. The production value is incredible, the cinematography and shot composition are fantastic. This show has Oscar-caliber acting and should win all the acting Emmys, because this is acting at its best. This is the best show I've seen in a while (possibly ever since Breaking Bad or Season 1 of True Detective). It's masterfully crafted, the writing's great, the acting is stupendous, it's haunting, it's disturbing, it's super emotional, and it pulls no punches. I haven't recommended a show this much since The Haunting of Hill House. This is a masterwork in television that pays tribute to everyone involved in this tragedy, they will never be forgotten. These creators deserve a pat on the back! Congratulations to everyone involved! I hope this show wins all the Emmy's. Since childhood I was fascinated about Chernobyl story, and this series made quite a good story about this event. Episode 5's ending is essentially stating what is wrong with the model of the communism and why the way it functions is dangerous for everyone involved. Denial of science and lack of responsibility for wrong actions in the name of maintaining a "perfect" reputation leads only to disasters. I am thankful that the truth has made it's way to the surface of information globally and we know what are the risks and demand more from the people who are currently responsible for such technologies.
I sincerely hope that humanity will learn from this past event and put effort in building a better, less-self-centered and more responsibility-taking society which believes in science and acts adequately in times of wrongs! I live in Ukraine. I was born in 1980. Still remember those days of Soviet Union. I love that the series creators have manage to find stuff from that era even including some minor details such as kitchen utensils. The atmosphere depicted so well. And the story is so horrible... This movie makes me speechless, sad, angry and afraid at the same time. Can't fault it. Last episode holds series together. Not a binge box set. Need time to recover after each harrowing episode. Do not read reviews. Just watch it right now.
BEST. I was 10 years old back in 1986 while living in Ukraine. I clearly remember my family and other families uncertainty and fear of what's is going to happen because we knew that government is lying and we won't find out the truth.
This mini series is the most realists portrayal of 1980s USSR I have seen to date, maximum attention to details in every scene and in every frame. I am impressed how accurately creators and producers were able to reconstruct that time.
If actors wouldn't speak English, I would think they are all Russian actors and the movie is made by some major Russian studio - this is how realistic the film is. Best part of the episode was the resemblance to the real life characters & genuinely the most classic acting. This may well be, objectively speaking, the greatest television show ever created, reflected in the reviews of others. It is very difficult to take a controversial, tragic, true story and make something which is neither watered down nor exaggerated, this is something which Chernobyl absolutely nails and everybody involved with the series deserves all of the credit they will undoubtedly receive.<br/><br/>Firstly, it must be said that every single member of the cast did a fantastic job, every part is played well and conveys the full emotion surrounding the events which took place. It is also extremely well directed, shots are more drawn out, or deliberately delivered hastily to create the effect of the confusion of Chernobyl and the lack of understanding of what was happening at any given moment. Suspense is the overriding effect which was aimed for, and that is exactly what is produced.<br/><br/>Secondly, but equally importantly, enormous credit must be given to the set designers, costume designers and everybody else who didn't feature on camera. The set is absolutely excellent, a setting this realistic may never again be seen. Also, the soundtrack, and sometimes lack thereof enhances the experience and heightens the tention and suspense, it would have been easy to fall into the trap of overdoing the soundtrack which would've made it lose its impact but the perfect balance is found in Chernobyl.<br/><br/>Overall, I find it hard to see how this show could ever be improved upon, it highlights a huge issue with the human condition, not only does it perfectly highlight every minute detail which occured at the Chernobyl disaster, it shows us the power of the truth, and the detrimental consequences of lies. Everything about this production is excellent. Relentless and dark, eye-opening and gripping. Everyone I know who has seen it was amazed. As someone who visited the area of Chernobyl a few years after the disaster - even getting turned away by soldiers on edge of the exclusion zone - and have visited the Ukraine many times since, it's a story that drew my interest. And I'm impressed by this series.<br/><br/>Attention to detail is brilliant. The blue buses, grim flats, bureaucracy, the whole edifice of a rotten authoritarian system is painstakingly displayed. It provided a grim backdrop to highlight the great courage shown by many in facing the catastrophe.<br/><br/>One warning. The series can be grim viewing, particularly the hospital scenes. But I think they were right to show all. I remember being shown around a cancer hospital in Rivne, full of children, in 92. And even to this day, people are dying prematurely from the appalling amount of radioactivity released.<br/><br/>So well done to the producers. This is a subject long over due for dramatic highlight and they delivered. I was looking for over dramatization, and you expect some artistic license, but didn't really feel it. I suppose it's hard to sensationalize a disaster so extreme as Chernobyl. In fact, the exposition is even understated, a sort of fly on the wall style, letting the horror of events impact.<br/><br/>No doubt, it's possible to dig out some error and knock a star off, but why bother. It's just great TV. Grimly entertaining, morbidly fascinating and educating. HBO has been known for its quality television for years. Whether or not you love or hate how certain shows end or not, the quality of the overall stories they put out are nearly all terrific. For that reason alone, I already had pretty high expectations when watching their latest 5-episode miniseries in Chernobyl. The only prior knowledge I had about this event was simply that the event had occurred back in the 1980s and will always be remembered for the catastrophic impact it had. This series was fantastic from start to finish and here's why I believe those who already know all about it and those who are unfamiliar should both seek it out.<br/><br/>Beginning in 1986 with the explosion of the nuclear power plant known as Chernobyl, this series takes you on a journey of how, who, what, when, where, and why throughout the 5 episodes. From radiation harming every living thing around it, it should go without saying that this isn't a fun show to sit through. There are some very dramatic moments throughout the course of this show, but it's equally educational as it is disturbing. If you don't care for the graphic nature of the series, I can guarantee that the explanatory scenes will be worthwhile, as the nature of the disaster and how it occurred is fascinatingly terrifying.<br/><br/>Told throughout many different perspectives as the show progresses, we see the evolution of how this event makes people have to eventually say goodbye to their loved ones, how it affects Russia as a whole, and how anyone out there can be lying about any disaster that they don't want to be held accountable for. Jared Harris is easily the standout of this show and probably receives the most amount of screen time as Valery Legasov, who is the brains on finding out how this even happened in the first place. He was the most compelling portion of the story to follow and he elevated everything around him with a stellar performance.<br/><br/>The final episode of Chernobyl is easily the best in my opinion. The show begins as a slow thriller but eventually builds to answers that had me shaking inside. The fact that events like this are still possible today, even if highly unlikely, is a very scary thought. This series, although dramatized, almost feels like a documentary at times, and I personally feel that's when true stories shine the brightest.<br/><br/>Overall, Chernobyl is one of the best television series' to come along in quite some time. Keeping it short and to the point, every episode has its purpose and feels like it's building to something or continuing off another story thread. My only complaint, which is a minor, minor detail, is within the final credits of the show. When it comes to an end, countless story points are written in text that could've made this show about 10 episodes long, but the show was still pretty much perfect as it was, so I was able to forgive them for not including everything. Chernobyl is a fantastic piece of television. After all 5 episodes I must say I am pretty impressed.
Actors did a superb job of portraying the characters. Pacing throughout the show is stable and good, not too slow and not too fast but just right. I think the amount of episodes was just right to tell the story. No unneccesary dragging of endless episodes like some other shows. There may be a lot more to the story of Chernobyl that has not been told but I think the show told enough to cover the important parts and then some.
The care for detail was pretty good as well and really gave me a good feel of the cold war era and I learned a thing or two.
All in all the show captivated me and there was not a moment I felt like an episode, or the entire show for that matter, dragged on and wishing for it to end.<br/><br/>I would say; See the show for yourself and judge it accordingly.<br/><br/>I rated it a 9/10 because nothing can be perfect, but this is as close as it gets. I came upon Chernobyl by chance when browsing for something to watch and even though it was episode 2 I tuned in. I only watched the first episode after watching episode 3. I was riveted by the intensity of the presentation and astounded by the sense of reality it created. I have never watched anything that invoked in me such realistic feelings of quiet terror and horror. It was as if if I was there experiencing the disaster myself. When I finally got around to watching Episode One I couldn't have imagined the intensity could get any stronger, but I was wrong. The depiction of the dying men, the scenes in the control room, the lack of awareness of all involved, again was so realistic it made you want to call out and warn them.
Everything about this miniseries was terrific. The acting, the choice of cast members, the artistic direction, the photography, were all as good as any big screen movie. The depiction of the Soviet governments reactions and decisions was horrifyingly believable. One of the biggest testaments to the excellence of the series was it's ability to make a complicated scientific event easily understandable by anyone. Finally, the clever suspense created by the roll out of the clues as to the cause of the accident only fully disclosed in the final episode, was pure genius. I could go on and on but suffice it to say Chernobyl is probably the best series I can remember ever seeing. Thanks to the creators for the series! No more words needed, just Thank you! If you decide to watch only one more drama before you die.
(Can not think of a reason you would),
then "Chernobyl" has got to be worth considering.<br/><br/>Amazing writing, great research, fantastic acting, cinematography,
tension - it has the lot and will teach you quite a lot at the same time.<br/><br/>Being a "Brit", I remember having a very poor image of American TV
(Sorry Sky - I know you were also involved.)<br/><br/>Basically, if it wasn't called M.A.S.H, it was probably not worth watching.<br/><br/>HOW TIMES HAVE CHANGED. I can think of several American series
that have been wonderful.<br/><br/>The last time I saw something this good, I was watching "Band of Brothers."<br/><br/>Yes! It really is that good. EPIC TELEVISION, the like of which you do not
experience often. - A MUST WATCH!!!! This mini-series is an instant classic. I will recommend watching this for the remainder of my life. The history of this event was largely shrouded in Soviet propaganda and the transparency of this mini-series in a post USSR world is 33 years overdue. I've always been fascinated by this event, but HBO went above and beyond when recounting this catastrophe. The scariest part is that concerns of national security make it possible for catastrophes like this to occur in any nuclear country. The focus upon the propaganda in this story is fantastic. Thank you for making this mini-series. Ladies and gentlemen, this is tv's finest hour! I cannot say more about this show, that hasn't been said already.
This will be the benchmark for years to come!<br/><br/>The actors have outdone themselves, British actors to play Russian/Ukrainian people like they were born there.<br/><br/>Let it rain with awards now ! And thank you HBO ,we deserved this ,after GOT final season... All the actors have done phenomenal acting. The dialogues are cold and hit you. (.e.g these miners work in the dark - they see everything).
The show is great in not jus sensationalising the disaster but showing how it impacted every single person or animal involved. Evocative and brilliantly acted and shot, a must see I waited for such a long time for something other than bad horror zombie movie material about Chernobyl, and this show delivers. The director has done a lot of research (just the podcast to the show gives all the details) and the accuracy of the environment is spot on. The direction is just amazing. Each and every detail caught to perfection! An amazing account of a hugely significant part of our history. Chernobyl eloquently, through excellent cinematography and writing, tell the tales of the event without tainting it with unneeded drama or dialogue. The choice to portray the events with English speaking actors, not foiled by pseudo-Russian/ Ukrainian accents makes it even more powerful.
The series is truly a must-watch, only made more intriguing by the 'untold true story' aspect of it. The experience is spine-tingling and heart-wrenching, putting you in the shoes of people constrained by the powers that be. The series only keeps getting better.
Chernobyl is a must, and the almost horror-thriller series should be top of your list to delve into. I knew one minute into this that this series was a well done, quality piece of story telling. Just excellent. No "Hollywood" type of gimmicks. Just intelligent story telling. This the best mini series I have ever watched. Ever. Chernobyl series is far from being a documentary. Even though it's a dramatized version of the tragic incident, it has an abundance of emotions. The show which starts from the time of the incident moves at a brisk pace. The creators have edited the series brilliantly to keep the audience engaged.<br/><br/>There is a certain sense of eerie calmness to the scenes post-evacuation, which takes the viewer straight to Chernobyl and the plight of the residents in the aftermath. The cinematography is crisp with a lot of emphasis on wide-shots to capture the magnitude. At the same time, individual emotions are captured with a lot of integrity through close-up shots.<br/><br/>The stellar multi-accented cast have done their job to the hilt. It's surprising that the cast have gone ahead with their own accents, rather than focusing on changing it to Russian. You might be subjected to a lot of British tonality owing to a large portion of the cast from the nationality.<br/><br/>As a series, Chernobyl sheds light much on the aftermath and the ensuing cover-up of the incident. It isn't necessarily trying to paint someone bad. What it rather does is portray an honest depiction of emotions, and re-building of a nation that will take the cumulative efforts and bravery of generations to come. So, I was born 10 years after Chernobyl and I first heard about it many years later. The thing is: I felt that I was there.
The feeling of terror, of not knowing what was going to happen, the sadness, the loss, the sacrifices. This series transported me there, at that year, that day, that moment.
I gotta say, I never experienced something like this, with such intensity, on a TV show.
HBO nailed again. Bravo! This mini series is absolutely riveting. The make-up is mind blowingly real, the attention to detail is awesome. I've watched each episode 3 times and I'm still gobsmacked. Congratulations on a brilliant programme ! All I can really say is that it is definitely believable. Insofar as much as I can tell by reading the actual events it is accurate. Of course they created some characters and added some story lines to draw you in, but even those characters are plausible. The director did a very good job with holding all the facts in one hand and creating personal stories he had heard of from actual accounts as well. I have a different perspective and understanding of Gorbachev now as well. The timeline though, that's what got me. And how quickly people placed blame, denied the truth etc. Unbelievably fascinating. It is dark, even during day shoots there is an ever present feeling of doom and gloom to come. If you have HBO every episode has a type of documentary on that episode and does well to explain things that occurred, the genesis of a character or story that was in the episode. But I just couldn't help thinking throughout, "they are marching towards certain death", very powerful emotionally which also produced in me a great deal of thankfulness that the worst case scenario never happened. I will leave that for you to learn on your own. No spoilers here. Astonishing
Pure Excellence
Wonderful in every aspect For me this series has gone from being a Advert at the end of Game of thrones S8 Ep 1 (that had seriously sparked my interest) to potentially one of the best series this year, it goes without saying that detailing an event like Cherynobl is so difficult as you have to balance factual information with dramatisation however Craig Mazin has hit the nail on the head, delivering factual information with shock and awe drama. From episode 1 viewers are gripped to learn more information on the accident, even so far as doing "homework" ready for the next episode. When I saw the trailer for HBO's new mini series Chernobyl, I had decided that I'd watch the series from day 1. We all know to some extent about the disaster but this would give us the opportunity to know what really happened, including information that we'd not be able to find otherwise.
The series far exceeded my expectations. The depiction of the disaster focussing on not only the series of events but also how it affected everyone who was involved in the entire incident. This incident shook the whole system from the highest general to the lowest of the workers. HBO has certainly outdone itself by creating a series with such authenticity and vision for story telling. Every actor has absolutely nailed their character and taken the series upto a point that after every episode you'd be left in a state of dread as well as gratefulness that we didn't have to go through something even remotely similar. This series makes sure that you have the dreadful realisation that something like a non fiction movie can be much more terrifying and scary than a horror story created plainly from imagination. I am Canadian, I cannot account from Ukraine or Russia! Thank You guys!! What I remember vividly was the helicopter pilot and cameraman passing of cancer, shortly having first shot the Chernobyl incident flying over it. We where shocked in HS.<br/><br/>In the 80' and 90', I saw Letters from a Dead Man and Visitor of a Museum on public TV, by Konstantin Lopushansky, and of course Tarkovsky's Stalker. They all deal with nuclear incidents/war. Unforgetable. And I love Russian cinema.<br/><br/>What is surprising here is that the creators managed to give it the same sense of madness. Not as gloomy as Lupuchansky who is allmost unbearable. But certainly give it a great Russian cinema treatment. Witch would be a first for an American-UK production. I think... 10<br/><br/>PS: Saw it twice now. A French critic coined something simple. ''Emphasis on the open reactor making it look like hell's mouth, the real one.'' True. Only with black smoke and music. And finally, methaphorically a la Russian, as far as multi headed dragon legends go... A Slavic Zmei! Proven scientifically. It is really amazing with the music, actors and the drama itself. congrats to every participant of this show. This is the kind of talent I like to see when watching movies or series! Bravo. Everything from the direction, storyline, cinematography, casting, music........it's all close to perfection. I don't think the story is 100% synonymous with what happened in reality, but the show captures the harshness of the situation just amazingly well. And that's what I would expect in series such as this. Many jaw-dropping sequences of cinematography, gruesome deaths, heroic deeds, sacrifice, love etc all of which I consider the necessary qualities of a good movie/series.
And there's the political side of things which quite accurately depicts the Russian govt, dumb and rash decisions from people who don't have a clue of what's going on
Don't listen with a few people saying the show is boring. They're possibly just kids or casual viewers. A superb and sobering miniseries.
Heavy going, but worth watching. Simply one of the best shows I've ever seen. Horrific and mesmerising at the same time. Absolutely incredible A gift for Greenpeace and human History! This apocalyptic documentary colored with classic scenes, drama, challenges and adventures.. Is just a must see! I usually don't give 10 stars away this easily and even less feel to write movie/show reviews but this show totally deserves the praise it has gotten so far. Since the game S.T.A.L.K.E.R. released back in 2007 I have been fascinated by the event and what happened there. I was positively surprised when the show depicted events I didn't know happened from my own research. From the shocking images to the accurate portrayals this show will stay in your head long after you've seen it.<br/><br/>I also love Peter Sagal's Chernobyl podcasts with Craig Mazin himself that they do after an episode has aired, it's fascinating to hear what was cut from the show due to time constraints or deemed too shocking, facts like that the show wasn't filmed in Chernobyl/Pripyat (this show has some amazing CGI work; fooled me), background information on events and decisions why the show creators did what they did etc.<br/><br/>It really shows that Craig Mazin really tried his best to portray the event in his show as close as he possibly could and I'm really happy to hear that Russian, Ukrainian etc. people (some that have relatives that experienced the disaster first-hand) like it as well, that is the best approval you can get in my opinion. Just gripping viewing from the start by far one of the best if not the best. Please read the letters from the Russians and Ukrainians who are reviewing. They are adding another chapter to study. Many lived within or in close proximity to where this happened. Their memories are very valuable.<br/><br/>I was hoping for the mini-series would capture more than just the chronological events that I've see in every documentary, and read in every book and article.
It far exceeded my expectations.
This program is very chilling to me, it hurts to watch, because it was someone's reality, and I feel I must watch, no matter how much it hurts to watch, because it does depict people that lived and died through that event.
It does affect you, you find yourself feeling contaminated. It's just small things that achieve this effect, the way the camera pans, or a close-up of a small scenario, but it keeps in your mind that every touch, every misstep, every miscalculation was hurting people in ways they couldn't see.
This series has made me feel the human depth of this disaster in ways I'd not been able to fathom in any of the previous works I've pored over concerning Chernobyl. I knew about the Chernobyl disaster before getting on to this ride. But not enough. This has to be the best series based on real events... It has such great details, screenplay, cinematography and stellar star cast to get you hooked just 3 minutes after you start watching it... Hats off to HBO for bringing us yet another amazing show.. Thanks to this show I also know how a RBMK nuclear reactor works.. The show isn't for people who get scared easily.. It's gripping, fresh and one of its kind in the TV series genre.. A definite must watch... The story has my stomache in knots. Jared Harris excellent as always. This tragedy would have poisoned the world but for regular people sacrificing their lives. This my first series to watch on HBO The actors cl9thes and decorations look like your are in 1986 I watched every episode more than 3 times. This is easily one of the best tv shows ever filmed. It's just perfectly directed, brilliant cast and sound score. Absolute must see for everyone. It's so realistically portrays the great scale of Chernobyl disaster one could think it's live translation from it - everything is very direct and shockingly visual, no gimmicks. Masterpiece! Eat and drink harder before youll start this series, 'cause its so catchy that youll not have time to even move while watching. Perfect acting, good depiction of soviet union and that period and perfect feeling of uneasiness due to radiation This is a brilliantly crafted series with world class acting and screenplay.
The tension when I'm watching it is palpable and the facts and figures are horrifying.
You need to watch this because it isn't just about how well it's made, it's an amazing and chilling account of real events that are still affecting massive parts of the world even over 30 years later. Outstanding Performances From All The Cast , its horrific nuclear disaster where Actually Nobody can Escape , Even If they Do They Die , Due To Radiation . Excellent Direction , Camera Work , Acting , Drama , Dialogues Etc<br/><br/>Totally Worth Watching Band of Brothers is probably the only show I would even consider to be a competitor to this for best show/miniseries I've ever watched, and we're only three episodes into Chernobyl. I've never been so engrossed in something. Absolute masterpiece. I was so disappointed after watching few episodes from GAME OF THRONES final season and then I found this Chernobyl in my notifications. I started watching that atleast this would be better than than watching GOT final, but in reality it is the best in all aspects. I've finished 3 episodes and waiting for coming episodes. It looks very real as Chernobyl is happening in front of a camera or someone has recorded the full accident. Remember those times....After the school 3 days after the power plant explodes couldn't almost to breath due sore throat. The USSR goverment wanted to hide the explosion but the so called west lands detected the radiation. This movie is an absolutely must watch about the one of the biggest catastrophe. As a Maybe the best mini series ever made. Incredible drama, real history,real characters depicted in a fabulous way. Cinematography at its best Just watch it. Cinematography, acting, and has meaning behind every scene. I initially left a review after the first episode came out with my first impressions. I'm pleased to report that the 10 stars I left after the first episode are still all there after the next four episodes. Each episode carefully illustrates different aspects of the tragedy. You will follow a trio of core characters as they try to save the european continent from nuclear disaster, while also following others instrumental to the clean up and containment of the disaster, including a firefighter, a group of miners, a Soviet general and a conscripted soldier.<br/><br/>The show masterfully handles each story line and situation with an excellent score and cinematography that is intensely captivating. All of this blends to create an atmosphere that at times is disheartening when you see the challenges faced by our characters, but keeps you interested with a smartly paced and well-written script. And of course, excellent performances across the board by all of the actors and actresses.<br/><br/>I don't want to get into any spoilers or discuss any individual scenes in depth, as I think this show is much better when you go in blind. That being said, there are some sequences that are absolutely gut wrenching. They provide a great sense of spectacle and scale as it relates to the disaster, without disrespecting the victims or those involved in Chernobyl.<br/><br/>I can't recommend this show enough. I've rewatched it a couple times since it premiered and each time I find myself enthralled in the story telling and scenes depicted by the actors. Watch. This. Show. The Sky Atlantic and HBO new Tv show is amazing. People complain about the language (English not Russian/Ukrainian) but it really isn't an issue. It's one of the best shows I have seen in a long time and easily give it 10/10!!!!! Timely, bleak, intelligent and compelling, Chernobyl is a triumph of a disaster. Being a young boy when this awful tragedy occurred I've always found myself drawn to the history, people and facts of what happened.<br/><br/>This miniseries, if episode 1 is anything to go by, is going to be an amazing piece of art.
The cinematography is incredible and the performances of every single actor is spot on - there's no hamming up of the horror of radiation poisoning.<br/><br/>From the first few harrowing scenes to the closing sequence I could not move.<br/><br/>If only ever series produced was this good I'd never leave the house again!<br/><br/>To say I'm looking forward to the other episodes seems wrong but right at the same time.<br/><br/>10/10 HBO This is fascinating history about the events at Chernobyl. Great writing, casting, acting. Though it's not entirely "all true", it captures the importance and the horror. I dont get why this series is top rated in imdb. Imean it's rated higher than Breaking bad, The Sopranos, Game of thrones and so on. This series is nowhere near as good as the series mentioned earlier. The acting is alright, the story is not as intruiging and the charachters are boring. The only character name i can remember is Akimov, and the only reason being he has a cool name. None of the other characters are intruiging enough for me to learn their names. Frankly i wouldnt care if they all died in the ending. The characters in this show are so predictable and not realistic at all. This doesnt make good television in my opinion. The only things that make this show alright is the soundtrack and the makeup. The soundtrack is amazing and the makeup is realistic as hell. The series contains a few cool and intense scenes, and i really loved what they did with the radiation sound, but other than that it's not a good series... Iknow how much people enjoy the show, and that's fine. I just dont understand it being number one of all time. But after all, this is only my opinion. I still havent seen the last episode, but i don't think it'll get any better. Oh my god... I'm literally crying right now... This has all the elements of a MASTERPIECE.
I think we are possibly, Im not 100% sure yet, but possibly, we are in front of the best show ever made.Breaking Bad was the ultimate top show I've watched, a masterpiece, but, I think we are in front of something that is gonna be the next best show ever to top.
My passion for cinema started with Tarantino, along the years, many directors/writters has taken parts of my heart with all their talent, David Fincher, Lynch, Nolan, Ford Coppola, Kubrick, and rarely something surprises me these days, The OA is a show that has a high level of writing and story telling but, there are almost not more shows like that one.This one has what it needs, the passion in this show, has literally made me cry...Tension, epicity, heroes, sci fiction, horror, drama, romance, perfect writing, perfect rythm and time of execution, music, colors, THIS IS HOW YOU MAKE A SHOW, THIS IS IT! 10/10.PERFECTION. The caveat to my title is that you do have to know a little about the Chernobyl event and/or how radiation works to understand what is going on. The episode is mostly pure chaos with little explanation of what is happening. All you know is that it is something very very bad, but this is mostly based off of what you might expect about a nuclear meltdown, and the reactions of the few people in the show who experience and/or understand the truth.<br/><br/>The true terror for me is the pain for so many people that is yet to come. The horror of Chernobyl is that untold numbers of highly-radioactive atoms were released in the smoke and soot of the fire. If you have even a vague understanding of how this works, then there will be otherwise serene-looking scenes here that are as shocking as watching mass murder. Children playing in the ash... Chernobyl is about the nuclear accident that happened in Pripyat, Ukraine, April 26, 1986.<br/><br/>It is a historical, drama (I would even call it a horror) mini-series. It is in the 1980s so the people there look old fashioned and act old fashioned.<br/><br/>The plot was amazing. It was well structured and fluid enough. The dialogue was great and helped you to remember that they were in the Soviet Union. The mini series is in the first person so you can see it from each of theirs point of view. This also helps to make it more terrifying.<br/><br/>The characters are great but they speak in an English accent, which makes it less realistic and it might be a problem for some people.<br/><br/>The acting was great.<br/><br/>I would recommend this to people interested in good TV. This mini series showcases every aspects of the incident in a brilliant and intense manner. All I wanna say is this is an ultimate perfection. This is the true story of Chernobyl
The colours, the actors, the sound design. Everything is impecable Even withSeason 8, Game of Thrones would take number 1 spot for the best series of 2010s IF it wasn't for this series which talks, shows and explains a catastrophe which marked our entire era. Definetlly worth watching. I doubt if anyone from science background won't rate it as 10/10.<br/><br/>The series not only shows the science behind the disaster in an extremely elegant manner even for a layman but also shows that that how much oppressive was the then USSR communist party. I felt pity that Valery Legasov had to take his own life to force the adamant central committee about eradicating the root cause. His last words "To be a scientist is to be naive. We are so focused on our search for truth we fail to consider how few actually want us to find it. But it is always there whether we see it or not, whether we choose to or not. The truth doesn't care about our needs or wants - it doesn't care about our governments, our ideologies, our religions - to lie in wait for all time. This at last is the gift of Chernobyl. Where I once would fear the cost of truth, now I only ask what is the cost of lies." still rings in my hear.<br/><br/>It also shows that the people of a nation are always patriotic towards their own motherland irrespective of their ideologies but it's the politicians/bureaucrats who are the real crooks. This is one of the most entertaining series I have watched. I could honestly not pick out a single fault with it.<br/><br/>I think Chernobyl should be on everyones watch list, it gives us a terrifying example of what can happen when lies get out of hand. When the powers at be don't care about the well fare of the people but instead only themselves and making profit.<br/><br/>This show reminds all of us the cost of lies. One of the best, possibly the best show I have ever seen. Authentic, terrifying and moving in equal measures. I planned to watch over a couple of weeks but couldn't help myself and watched all episodes in 2 days. A must, must see... Understanding historical circumstances and social arrangements, tragedy in Chernobyl 1986 shown impressive. Definitely look! When you really see what happens in this mini series, it's so easy to place yourself in their situation. Everything, the invisible radiation, just spewing from the plant and the graphite blocks just waiting to be touched by those who don't know, the radioactive lava going for the ground water as well as the bureaucrats denying the severity while Geiger counters scream the reality. This really could've happened anywhere, and that's probably one of the scariest thoughts that occurred to me while watching this movie.<br/><br/>The real strength of the film is the people willing to accept the situation and to the best of their ability try and fix it, no unnecessary heroics, but the awareness that on doing this job it might be your last thing you ever do before you die. To see how people dealt with that in such a realistic way is inspiring. The atrocities that are seen in this film are only equaled by the kindness and bravery of the people trying to overcome them. Chernobyl is a miniseries regarding the horrific disaster that occured at Chernobyl.. that's what a person will know before watching it.. what this series does is more than displaying any scientific facts or successfully depicting the horrific effects of the disaster.. they showed in details of some of the lives who was affected by it and also their surroundings.. there were quick transitions between gush of emotions, horror, action and fiction stating complicated events understandable to all category of viewers.. the sound effects were out of the world stuff which was enough to cause goosebumps.. all in all a must watch for everyone.. If we go for the bigger picture of this movie and get it's morale, we see corruption, abuse of power and incompetence. And we can all agree it's still present even in "democratic" states. I think you all happened to have experienced in your country an event when you saw an event filmed, or could be rationally deducted, but all the state authorities denied it is true. You all experienced in your countries, or maybe in smaller communities, when authorities lied even if they were overwhelmed by the event, in order not to look weak in front of the electorate.
So dear readers, always question "why?", always look for the truth, read the whole title of a story and make connections, question events and don't believe the authorities, just because they and their paid journalists say so.
Maybe sometimes truth hurts and can stay hidden, but in this case, truth killed and most probably destroyed the story of the Soviet Union(But they made another story, called it Russia. To be honest we all believe in stories, called USA, France, etc.). But laws of physics are not only in stories, they simply exist, and are the only "story" worth believing in, because are real. This...for all good man and woman willing to sacrifice everything for the sake of others, Thank you!
It's been a week I finished the series and I'm still stunned. Not only everything looks exactly like soviet country at a time - homes, cars, clothes, hairstyles... reminds me our old movies. Even the story, character's development, acting, music... I can't... Amazing. Something you don't see a lot.
I still remember when I was 12 and I was fascinated by Chernobyl disaster, nuclear technology, I played S.T.A.L.K.E.R. games, read the stories,watched documents, everything. But it was all game of a kid who was tpo young to know how much horrifying it had to be for my parents and all the people at the time. Somehow only now I realised those people there were real, their suffering and struggles were real. That's the power of the cinema and this is cinema at it's best. Na vecnou pamatku vsech zesnulych, dekujeme! And thank you, HBO! Doesn't seem fair for a mini series to be below a 5 season series that way. We need more stars on this. This show almost came out of no where. Nobody expected it to be this good nobody paid much attention thanks to GOT final season. I started watching this show almost knowing nothing about Chernobyl disaster after watching this series I watched almost 4 documentaries and tenths of YouTube videos about this disaster such was the impact this show created on me. Brilliant and great documentary series of all time. HBO has done it again. Kudos to makers and brilliant performance by cast. Rarely do I find the time to put hand to keyboard to review but this mini series warrants the time and effort. A truly ensemble cast from start to finish, with world class casting and acting of the highest quality. In my honest opinion, it could be the best docu-drama ever produced.<br/><br/>No spoilers in this review. Each episode tells the story of the bureaucracy, the human sacrifice, honour, loyalty, bravery and cover ups during the worst nuclear disaster in human history. I'm convinced that Chernobyl will remain the worst disaster the world will ever see. 400 times the nuclear fallout from Hiroshima, and 20000 years of cover up to account for.<br/><br/>I've watched this mini series three times. So many layers that it warrants a second and third watch. By the time you've finished the series you'll be on every Wiki site and Chernobyl blog finding our more about the disaster.<br/><br/>Back in 1986, my father stopped us playing in the fields in England after this disaster. How right he was to do so.<br/><br/>Compelling viewing. A must see production. This is Peak Television right here. A Masterpiece of Television. I kept wondering how I should have watched this on an IMAX instead of my 47' Samsung TV. The quality and the scale of production are unbelievable. I've watched countless television shows, very few, few indeed, has gripped me so powerfully as Chernobyl and the show final episode. Some shows are personal stories that concluded on a personal and human notes. But THIS, this is a timeless lesson and a universal testament which all the world and all the government and all those in power could reflect upon.<br/><br/>we more often than not, content ourselves with comforting lies. But lies and ignorance can catch us up and, in their turn, would be our humanity biggest downfall if we don't wake up and confront the truth.<br/><br/>"Why worry about something that isn't going to happen.<br/><br/>That's perfect. We should put that on our money."<br/><br/>Indeed! Everything was just perfect. A 10 out of 10 for me But how is it possible not to know that the flag of Belorusj outside of the communist building in Minsk could never be shown in those days! The only flags you were allowed to have were the flags of the republics! So that was the only stupid moment I could see. The rest was as perfect as it gets to show the madness and horror of it. This was a tough watch. I cannot believe these things happened. This was a purely evil event that cannot be understated. The people who orchestrated this botched ordeal deserve to rot. With that, the creators made something spectacular. Watching every event unfold was beautifully executed, but as the title of this review states, don't watch this expecting entertainment. I had to take a break halfway through because I had to process it all. The creators made this a true to life as possible, and it was heart-wrenching, difficult, but necessary to see the wicked hearts of men. It also shows there were decent people amidst the evil. I'm for nuclear energy, but this shows definitely makes you think twice on that position. More than a movie , an important document to next generations A rare piecé where all artistic and narrative elements opens the heart, the mind and the stomach.
Special mention for the genius music score who creates a perfect and painful appocaliptic atmosphere.
Thank-you! It's weird to say that, as this miniseries was directed by Johan Renck and written by Craig Mazin whom best known for filming notorious cheesy music videos & writing awful comedies. Although the miniseries was criticized by the Russian Government for its so called xenophobia racism propaganda to the point that they launched a lawsuit against the filmmakers; we can at least, say that for the most part, the majority of that country civilians and US viewers found HBO 'Chernobyl' worth watching. It was so good that even many of the survivors of that tragedy approved the miniseries portrayal of events that led to the nuclear explosive, the fallout, and the harsh cleanup that came after it. For the most part, the episodes were mostly scientifically sound. However, the idea that the corium could cause an atom bomb type explosion is little exaggerated. It's not even the same type of uranium. Although, the other reactors did start fires months & years after the tragedy until 1991 where the plant was finally shut down. Nevertheless, as for the historic accuracy, the series were mostly top notch. However, why was the main protagonist Valery Legasov (Jared Harris)'s family not involve in the story!? In real life, the scientist was married with children. It was a missed opportunity to have more conflict and emotional development for him. Rather than Valery seeming a bit bland. Just think what stories they could had tell with him working hard on his duties without his disconnected family knowing the full gravitas of the disaster. It could had interesting to see how much, he able to tell them about the catastrophe and what he has to keep secret in order to keep his family safe. It would had raise the stakes of Episode 5 events a lot higher making those courtroom scenes more suspenseful & intense! Nevertheless, in real-life, Legasov was never an expert witness along with Boris Shcherbina (Stellan Skarsgård) in the trial against the supervisors of the nuclear power plant. Nor was Ulana Khomyuk (Emily Watson) whom character was fictional composite of many real life people. Regardless, it does makes more narrative sense to have them there rather than random new scientist characters. The miniseries already has too many individuals to remember. Many of them are nearly identical with their matching features and clothing. It's really hard to tell apart. Honestly, the miniseries could had cut a few more people from the show, as certain character's fate don't get resolve like Dr. Svetlana Zinchenko (Nadia Clifford) from Episode 1 or the inexperienced draftees from Episode 4. It's annoying that it didn't led anywhere. Instead, the miniseries should had focus the building of the containment sarcophagus. Don't get me wrong, I do know that the main characters had nothing to do with that project, but it's a lot more lot more heroic effort than watching a downer like soldiers shooting up dogs or victims slowly dying. If not that, at least, focus a little more time with the coal miners. They were entertaining, even if in real life, they weren't so comedic nor nude. Nevertheless, one thing that this miniseries does too much is made it seem like every task were done by the Soviet government threating people. In truth, many of the liquidators were volunteers. Regardless, the scene of soldiers being led into the roof to clean up the granite was haunting. The lack of music and the constant ticking of a Geiger counter made that scene alone, intense. As for the Bridge of Death moment. It was well filmed, so dream-like, however in truth, no visual black smoke, no ash or nuclear tan ever fell on the civilians. It's very doubtful that everybody on the bridge died from radiation poisoning due to incomplete records and the questionable reliability of witness anecdotes. It could just be an urban myth. Nevertheless, I couldn't feel sympatric for them. Others victims like Lyudmilla Ignatenko (Jessie Buckley) made me more upset than feeling empathy. Her really bad decisions when risking the livelihood of her unborn baby were truly pretty dumb. Her scenes with her husband Vasily (Adam Nagaitis) was more cringe worthy than romantic lovely. As for so-called villains. The miniseries does depicted mostly depend them well. However, they made Anatoly Dyatlov (Paul Ritter) a bit too cartoony evil to seem real. Although backstory scenes with filmed to make him look more human. They were deleted not to make the miniseries in a character study. This was probably not the right decision, as it made Anatoly seem one dimensional. Don't get me wrong, Anatoly was truly obsession in taming the atom and would go to any links to get what he wanted, even threatened employees with job termination in real life. However, the real person did had standards. He never publicly blame any of his subordinates for the mistakes that night. Instead, he blamed the poor plant design, rather than plant personnel, was primarily responsible for the accident. Regardless, for the most part, all the acting was alright. While the performers were going to speak with a vague Eastern European accent. It all changed when creators realized that their accents were distracting and sounded inappropriately comical. Nevertheless, they should had hired more performers with many ethnicities and backgrounds, in order to show how diverse the real Soviet Union was. In the end, it was still jarring to heard the Russian language written or being vocalized in the background, while Queen English is being spoken in the foreground. At least, the costumes, the exotic locations, the computer effects and the make-up all work. In the end, HBO has really sparked a renewed interest in the disaster, with many people coming forward on social media and recounting their stories about it. It has also triggered a surge in tourism for the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone. Like the caterpillar in the end of Episode 5. Hopefully life will one day recovered there. Overall: The miniseries is cerebral somber masterpiece. One worth being exposed to. This is the best thing HBO ever did, believe me or not
the perfect adaptation of a one of the biggest catastrophes in the history of mankind This is the first time I wrote a review for a show or a movie. This mini series left me speechless. It's been 3 days since I finished watching all episodes, but still gives me nightmares. Best show ever and everyone should watch it!<br/><br/>I am from Turkey and our northern region which has a coastline to the Black sea was affected to most by Chernobyl. Cancer rates still are the highest in Black sea region of Turkey among other regions of the country. USA doesn't a accept blood donation from people who lived in Turkey between 1986-1996. The minister of industry and trade was trying to prove that tea leaves growing in Black sea region was not contaminated by drinking tea while posing for the cameras whereas it was all washed by radioactive rain clouds from Chernobyl carried with wind.<br/><br/>Government of Turkey didn't take proper action. Let alone proper, they didn't take any action. Cancer increased by three times in Black sea region after 1995 according to official records but we know documentation of cancer cases was not done properly either. Exact numbers were way higher than that. The directors of chernobyl tv series did thier works well... The story is very attractive.. All people have to learn a many things in this TV series...<br/><br/>However Professor Legasov is a hero in this story...!!! I am loving this tv series. Based on real story. You should watch it. We are in the golden age of TV shows. There is no doubt this is a gem and worth watching. It is not political, just narrates what happened. There is something nostalgic about it too. The truth is worth knowing. That is why this is perfect. Many reviewers think it should have been done in Russian/Ukrainian or with Russian accents. Show creator Craig Mazin explain this in the "Chernobyl Podcast". It is made for an American audience so it had to be in English. And Slavic accents would affect the actors badly. So, the only accent that can not be used is an American accent, the various English accents communicate otherness to the American audience.<br/><br/>Furthermore, the creators do use the Russian Language a lot in the show. They have a poem in Ukrainian(?) at the start of one of the episodes. And they fill in with not translated Russian at times and use a lot of Kyrilic writing. So Russian/Ukrainian speakers get more out of the show than the rest of us.<br/><br/>Personally I liked the show very much. I like how their message is against political lies, something that is running rampant here in the west. I like the respect they show the Sovjet peoples, it is for sure a very honorable thing to do as a film creator today when so many political actors are trying to stir up hate and conflict.<br/><br/>There are some things that I found a bit annoying, as asking permission from Gorbatjov to "kill three men". I understand it is just a plot device and artistic licence but to me that was a step to far. There were a few of those. But I still rate it 10 because why ruin the very thing that brought me to watch this fantastic show? And it really is excellent in every way and the intention of the creator is very noble.<br/><br/>A personal reflection of mine is that sure, maybe the convoluted political climate in the USSR was what caused this terrible accident and the hamfisted first 36 hours of response. But I Am not sure that any other state than USSR could have managed the liquidation as well either. Brilliantly written, with superb acting by pretty much the entire cast, the greatest accomplishment of this mini series is to highlight what so few people knew about the efficiency of the Soviet system once the emergency occurred, and the widespread heroism, sacrifice and professionalism of many key people, from the miners to the helicopter pilots, to the nurses. A full-nation response was needed within days, and was delivered. Ironically, the same Soviet system that allowed nuclear plant design errors to persist, and weak senior management at the plant itself, saved Europe from a far greater catastrophe. Hurrah to HBO for delivering such an apolitical, human story. I remember the when the Chernobyl disaster happened but at a time when the USSR was shrouded in secrecy no one in the west or indeed as it seemed many eastern block countries were aware of the true extent of the damage caused by the explosion. This mini series from HBO is truly revealing and frightening of how close it came to being so much worse. It's a story of incredible bravery sacrifice and gross incompetence that to the explosion happening in the first place.
The direction, acting, script and most of all the attention to detail of the period are faultless. My only complaint would be it's only on HBO or Sky Atlantic a programme of this quality deserves a much wider audience. 10/10 This is the best tv show I have ever watched. They thought about every detail, it's perfect, and scary, not exactly the tv show (though they did amazing job with the sound and keeping your anxiety high) but when you think about this whole event and consequences and everything it's really scary and it makes me mad and sad and a lot of feelings at once. They portrayed this so good. This story has to be told and everyone should watch it. The series Chernobyl though does not contain actual photographs or videos of what happened at Chernobyl but highly succeeds in representing the actual situation of what would be the situation at the time when the core of nuclear reactor exploded. Beautifully presented, this series has some great dialogues and sensitive scenes where the actual condition of victims is shown.<br/><br/>The tragedy surely will live forever, its impact will never go off from the minds of not only who suffered but also who were indirectly related or simply who believes in humanism. The heroic Legasov and Ulana can not be forgotten, but the fire fighters, doctors, victims are the actual people who saved millions of lives.
Its not only a haunting master piece but will surely bring goosebumps while you watch it. The English speaking actors are worth appreciating as they managed to take care of all the intricate details. This series is totally recommended, worth watching. This show is rightfully one of the best things on TV in years. The series makes a huge point about lies inevitably catching up with us and making us pay a price for telling them. At the end of the film, we learn that the series was a lie. All the careful reconstructions, the authentic costumes and props, all down to the tiniest detail... And amidst all that, by their own admission... A female character that is completely made up, yet is given pivotal role. She is the one that has to lecture the main scientist about the prospect of a nuclear meltdown, and she doesn't even need to look at the data to figure it out. Her genius is all she needs. But not only is she responsible for saving the day, she is also the morally superior character who lectures the main character on his moral duties. She is not only the most intelligent and authoritative in scientific terms, she is also the morally superior one. While men hesitate and cower, she bravely defies a cruel communist system. And she is completely made up. Everyone else, including not only things they have said and done, but every detail about their hair style and cigarette brand they used, is 100% authentic. Yet this woman, this demigod of a human being... fake. A lie. An ideological lie. We know why she is there. We all know why. A lie. Filthy lie. I cannot give this show a good review for one reason and that is due to historical and scientific inaccuracies. This show will only serve to further enhance the public fear of nuclear power and will lead to people fighting against a technology that is cleaner and safer than any other on the planet. I have read quite a few book about Chernobyl. From 1991 edition of The Truth About Chernobyl by Grigori Medvedev, 2018 Chernobyl & Chernobyl: The History of a Nuclear Catastrophe by Serhii Plokhii, Midnight in Chernobyl by Adam Higginbotham, Voices of Chernobyl by Svetlana Alexevich to amazing Chernobyl: Manual for Survival by Kate Brown. Two of those where used for sure by screen-writer of HBO miniseries during his work on this title. My main conclusion is - life is far more interesting and complicated than fiction. I am not sure why Craig Maizn changed few important facts as first thing, Russians knew about design flaws of RMBK, and they have admitted to this in Vienna conference! There is recording where Legasov is asked by western journalist about flaws in design and answers that this type of reactor is should not be chosen for Chernobyl NPP as it's not safe! Of course he downplayed construction flaws and emphasized errors of the operators, but he didn't lie. They have lied about it, to public inside the Soviet Union - completely opposite as in series! They have chose this type of reactor as it was cheaper to build but they where not fools and lots of figures at Kurchatov knew about various flaws of design, it was game of politics, power and corporate culture (yes corporate culture as soviets where not real communists they where owners of Soviet Union, acting like huge flawed corporation with huge corrupted clerical apparatus. With hundreds of officials, apparatchiks fighting for power and influence and money). Why have they built nuclear power stations Ignalina, Smolensk, Obninsk and the Chernobyl NPP at Ukraine in the first place? Because they where selling gas, oil and high class coal to the western Europe and other countries but still needed power for internal market! HBO Chernobyl starts as good thriller but with every part it looses grip on story and thrills goes in wrong direction to flawed weak finale - naive and simplified so it hurts every thinking person who knows anything about those events! And what is worse they could stic to the facts and still have amazing movie! Why do oversimplify? Maybe its move for US internal market? Where customer is used to simple stories like Russians are to lies of their governments up to this date.
But I have to admit that production design, department responsible for stage design costumes and props has done amazing job! Everything looks like it should look! I was born in 1981 in Poland, and I remember bits of this reality they where ecactly like presented in Chernobyl. Those buildings, cars, children school uniforms even shoe bags. Interiors, way they are dressed or even their haircuts! And for this kind of movie it is very important! In Poland we had softer version of regime but still reality looked prerry similar (as in almost every comunist country). I must admit that I am amazed by this, chapeu bas! Good work gus! So, 10 stars for production design, 10 for music, five for screenplay gives us 8,3 score overall. Next time please try harder when it comes to storyline do not simplyfy - real events where realy amazing amd in series you have enough tine to execute the story. Best nuclear disaster series ever made!
(Chernobyl) I just finished watching Chernobyl and deliberately didn't research it until after I finished. I wonder if I'd have bothered to watch it if I'd read some of the criticisms about its inaccuracies first!
It was a very well made and acted drama and I'd recommend it for its excellent sets and glimpse into life in the USSR at that time but it was so disturbing when you watch it from the point of view that it's all true. I question the wisdom of putting oneself (and others) through that, which surely falls into the same category the film maker is trying to warn against - the dangers of withholding truth! ...Viewer beware! I am Brazilian. I was nine years old in 1986. I grew up listening to horrible stories about the accident. Today I work in an electric power plant. "Chernoby"s is fantastic, exceptional, indescribable! I felt inside the plant! Congratulations! This show felt almost like a horror. It was so good at intensifying the seriousness of the events at Chernobyl. It's also made me extremely interested in atomic energy and how nuclear plants work. I grew up in the biggest Socialist regime in the world currently, and I've heard similar stories from my father and grand father over and over again, in different contexts but strikingly similar in essence. I can tell you guys that even today, while many socialist regimes have modernized their roads, changed their uniforms and transformed their cities, however under the hood it still runs the same engines, just much more sophisticated ways to tell lies to their own people and rest of the world. Do you hate the USA? Half the country hates itself, because we're not perfect. How do we know we aren't perfect? Because it is on the front page everyday of the USA's life. But the USA at least wants to be better everyday.<br/><br/>Reagan called the Soviet Union the evil empire.<br/><br/>It was. Should we spend our time on commenting smaller spoilers or should we say thank you for bringing us the excellent overview what happened that day to us, the people of Europe? Excellent choice of cast, music, in particular, and events, more or less dramatized, should give us a deep dive in our thoughts. I remember where I was spending my days at that time. These mini series are simply one of the best productions ever made, the show to every one how does the whole process made, it has to be classified away from the drama or action or whatever related to them, they are unique and will always be from now till the end of life. Breath-taking story of an actual world changing event. Well done HBO A good presentation for the review of tragedy, from how it happen to how it been stopped.<br/><br/>The words from the last episode still around my ears: the truth is there, you can't ignore it.<br/><br/>Hope everything on internet will have its original status which can't be updated/modified from remote servers or authorities. Perfectly crafted. Worth your time. Watch and be terrified, while also learning some fascinating things. The show is captivating and fast-passed. You should feel good about investing your time into a fantastic show like this one. It should be the next series on your watch list. Watched twice gave me chills! Can you taste metal? Oh yes, this is a monumental piece of work.
There is drama, horror and facts. All of this packed in 5 part gripping miniseries which is very well directed, written and acted. Costumes and set design are to the point. This recreation is worthy of your time. Please watch it. Highly recommended Excellent production design, sound track and pacing. Fascinating story, highly re-watchable and wonderfully directed scenes. Excellent record of the true horror from 1986. Who knows whether we are still living with the consequences of this disaster Short series but many days to think about it. Influential dialogues and incredible scenery. Loved everything about it. Far more exciting then i was expecting. Just watch the series. I can't argue with the acting or the cast or the story line because genuinely there is impossibly nothing in it. The also the main thing about the series is the detail especially how the Ukraine is. Genuinely there is no big difference about the old and new Ukraine because I'm a medical student in Ukraine and I'm living here for over 3 years and the details the series showing about the interior and how the proper Ukraine is look at the time it was under the Russia is incredibly shown. When I saw the trailer I knew it's gonna be a great show because of the amazing casts but I was damn sure about someone will messed up the details about the old Ukraine. But the show proved wrong to me. Well done to every single people worked in it!!! A series that shows the gruesome events of a nuclear disaster. Superb screenplay and direction. Hats off to the entire cast and crew. #whatisthecostoflies<br/><br/>'...what is the cost of lies?' The show Chernobyl made me wish there was more to the story just to see more of this show. The directing, the cinematography, the acting, and the suspense driving the show puts it as one of the greatest shows of all time, even this early and even with only five episodes. While some of the show many be dramatized for TV, the director and crew made sure they paid proper homage to the horrific events that occurred at the Chernobyl power plant in 1986, keeping most facts and historical events accurate. Chernobyl will go down as one of the greatest shows of all time, and I urge all those who have not watched it to do so. I'm sure there will many minor points about this that people will dispute if they were actually real. So the best way to treat this is like watching Titanic, that was a love story based around how the ship sank.<br/><br/>I wasn't aware until the end if this was actually based around facts or something fictional that had been created just using the accident as the main theme. I'm so pleased that it was based on the facts as that holds a much deeper meaning to this mini series.<br/><br/>Reading some of the reviews from other people, especially those who actually lived in Pripyat is simply amazing to hear their side.<br/><br/>If you are looking to watch one thing that his history based then this has to be it! Absolutely heartbroken I've finished, what has been the five most gripping episodes of television I've ever watched!<br/><br/>Everything about the series is phenomenal. And I am devestated I will never get to taste a new episode!<br/><br/>That really will never be beaten for me and will take something out of this world to do so!!<br/><br/>Absolutely magnificent, Jared Harris well done my friend! HBO and all the people who worked on this series did something incredible.
This series makes you THINK.... **SPOILERS**<br/><br/>It's very academic but it's haunting. The real scene of core explosion or the core itself was of few seconds but the actors, script, environment and sadly the reality of the event made the magnitude of the event beyond our comprehension. This is why HBO wins over Netflix. They know which stuff matters. I bet like me there were many who didn't know exactly what happened at Chernobyl and after watching this, we feel satisfied, complete and responsible. The vintage tint to the scenes, the cars, the naked miners, the falling helicopter. The cinematography is Noaln level here. But in the end HBO makes it about us. This miniseries is all about Humans. Pride, ignorance, arrogance, shame, duty, honesty, sedition, you name it, all higher values are judged here. And in the end how much was it really happened and how much it was a fictional, the fact lies that official death count is still 31 whereas unofficial goes to 93,000. That gives us the magnitude of the event happened and which was kept silent for decades. An extraordinary show with extraordinary writing and extraordinary actors in every role - the best thing on TV for a long, long time. This button acts as Detonator.... But nobody knows. This movie is amazing. It's done very realistic. Everything the ashtrays, plates and forks ,etc. I'm Bulgarian and all this stuff were the same in my country when I was a kid. Good job. I'm Russian. I'm a refugee. I had to flee from my country because the Soviet Union is not dead. Trust me, it's only spreading its mouldy wings. What Putin is doing right now is the exact copy of the country that gave him life - lies, corruption, shameless propaganda. The Chernobyl he's building right now has a faulty core. I couldn't have asked for a more subtle hint from the makers of this wonderful series. Bravo!<br/><br/>If Jared Harris doesn't receive all the possible accolades for his work, this world won't make any sense. A precise, reserved, carefully thought through performance.<br/><br/>For all the idi... sorry, people here who are asking for the Russian accent in the series: thank God you're not filmmakers. HBO/Sky Atlantic's Chernobyl is, simply put, masterful. Everything from the superb writing to the spot-on acting is so beautifully done (particularly in the case of Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd's Boris Yeltsin. The phone tantrum will go down as one of my favourite moments in TV history, right next to the stunning 90 second long take in episode 4.<br/><br/>I have no shame in admitting I cried on two occasions (episode 2 and episode 4). The whole thing is so hard hitting, and it becomes more surreal when you realise: this happened. Now, Chernobyl does not dethrone my favourite TV series out of pure personal love for Marvel's Daredevil, but it comes very damn close. This is such an important show, especially today with our post truth society. It gets quite scary at times to see the manipulation governments can have. In short, watch Chernobyl. It isn't uplifting, happy or optimistic. It's grim, real and sickening in the best way possible. I have never been so captivated by any true story based show or film as I was by Chernobyl.<br/><br/>It takes a true genius to illustrate one of the worst incidents in human lives ever, and the way they did it is going to serve as a lesson for storytellers and filmmakers for ages to come.<br/><br/>The ever so brilliant cast members did a wonderful job at portraying their respective characters and making us feel what the real people felt when this actually happened.<br/><br/>My heart goes out to all the people who have and are still suffering from this ginormous human error, followed by the continuing falsehood to cover their sufferings only to save the reputation of a crooked few.<br/><br/>Watch it, learn about it, and be truthful...always. "To be scientist is to be naive. We are so focused on our search for truth we fail to consider how few actually want us to find it. But it is always there, whether we see it or not, whether we choose to or not.
The truth doesn't care about our needs or wants, it doesn't care about our governments, our ideologies, our religions. It will lie in wait for all time. And this at last is the gift of Chernobyl. Where I once would fear the cost of truth now I only ask: what is the cost of lies?" - Valery Legasov By chance, discovered this. Then I read the critical feedback, and it is spot on. So tense, so dramatic, such bravery, incredible score, fast paced, every shot adds meaning, no wasted film, just one of the best. This is what TV needs to be all the time. Enough with drivel, with keeping up with the kardashians, and real housewives, make shows like this. I see an Emmy sweep for each and every category based on how well this was done. I forgot how pathetic the communist system was and is, until I watched this show. But imagine, such brave souls still exist in communism, even if it means there life. Thats humanity my friend. The humanity part which needs to bring us together. This show has it all. I mean, honestly about as good as tv can get. Top notch drama, yet no big action scenes, over-wrought romance/interpersonal intrigue, nor fantasy/sci-fi shenanigans.<br/><br/>Writing, acting, and production values all top-notch. Cannot recommend this show enough. You are doing yourself a disservice if you don't. It's the first time I put a 10 on a movie/TV show.<br/><br/>Chernobyl puts you in a special mood, remembers you that human errors can be terrifying.<br/><br/>A must watch With around 5 hours of episodes, you can learn what really happened that night that shocked the world, it's easy to understand are really well done, both script, both special effects, solid 10/10 The story is well told and captivating, the actors are so believable and i'm glad it's in english, it fits right. As an engineer who worked in a power plan for 5 years, I would say i was feeling all the tension created by the top management. The shift charge is the person to blame as he manipulated the operators as well as blackmail them. Clearly at the last episode shows the true scientist struggle with politics.
Eventually, this is the result of stupid politics when it is mixed with science. I think the people involved with this show have done a really great job presenting the Chernobyl incident. Watching these 5 episodes it really shows how bad this whole thing actually was and how high the cost was to stop it from escalating any further.<br/><br/>It also showed how blind faith into an ideology can cause so much damage. I'd really recommend for people to watch this series and look at how poisonous that "socialist/communist" mindset is. People were put in a position of power not because of their capabilities but because they had the "right mindset". Then pressure is build to do stuff in a way that it fits into the ideology which causes long term problems but no one is willing to admit that they screwed up because of the ideology. And if anyone actually speaks up they will be destroyed by the system... I really love this movie. All scientists of Soviet did great job. They saved many people in Chernobyl... This is such a epic story. If all facts are spot on world make this even more powerful Everything from acting to set design is excellent. Well acted, well filmed telling of the notorious nuclear disaster. The worst possible thing about it is knowing that there won't be more of it. Best factual based TV series ever in my opinion. You really feel connected to the characters and feel the chains that they wore.<br/><br/>just an incredibly a addictive watch. Is there a better TV-series at this time? I think, no. Breathtaking, brilliant, excellent photography, great actors in all roles. A drama series against nuklear power plants? Not really. This is an indictment of dictatorships, closed societies and a lack of democracy. It makes you angry and speechless. Absolutely brilliant. One of the best dramas I have ever seen.<br/><br/>Watching this has actually made me more confident in the safety of nuclear reactors as a power source since it highlights how badly the Chernobyl reactor was treated. If you haven't yet had the privilege of watching this series I urge you to make it your next priorty. The story is haunting, incredibly sad but most of all so real. The whole cast and crew have made a piece of TV that, in my opinion, will still be talked about in another 30 years time. I was barely a year old when this disaster happened but over the years I have seen several documentaries giving a time line of events. What this adds to the mix is not just the facts but the emotional depth and the two work so well. What the men who were involved in this must have gone through is unimaginable. The town, who watched the light in the sky that fateful night, oblivious to the long term implications of the mistakes of not only the plant operatives but their seniors. The attempt to cover this up to the world all for self preservation of a few powerful men. Every single episode is of the highest quality & the acting is sublime. It is not an easy watch but such an important one. I cannot recommend it highly enough! I was born 6 months before the Chernobyl disaster in former Yugoslavia. They all celebrated 1 st of May in open space. At the same time, it was raining. No one has reported the disaster until 3 th of May. My mother, who is a medical person, began to fear for me. They started looking for artificial milk with an older production date ...
Thanks to this disaster, from my 18 years of age I have Hashimoto and fibroadenomas on my breasts. I'm not Russian. I trust physically I've not been affected by the event portrayed but who really knows. But trust me, I've been affected by the most brilliant creation that is this series. I remember the news, I remember the shock. What the BBC never presented was the sacrifice, that essence of humanity that belies belief. Thankyou to the makers of this fantastic piece of work. Thankyou Wow! The only review I can give is for you to watch it and feel the raw emotions... this is unbelievable piece of screenplay.<br/><br/>The entire 5 series should be converted into a movie and circulated in cinemas for people to watch. Yep they would sit in for the entire 5 hrs length. This was amazing, one of the most gripping, heartbreaking and powerful stories I have ever seen.<br/><br/>I implore you to watch it if you have yet to see it.<br/><br/>It is truly deserving of all the hype, it is unquestionably brilliant. Never submitted a review of a tv show before. Best tv since band of brothers. Thank you hbo. Finished watching this series yesterday and I'm starting it over today. Magnificent writing, directing, and full performance of every single actor.
It was a big punch on my guts...
I remember what happened in 86 but I never felt it, now I can understand better.<br/><br/>Best mini series ever I started watching this, thinking that it would be extremely good, but nothing more. But the show shows you so much detail about the people involved, the victims, etc.. that it's more than just "extremely good". It makes you think about it , like really think about it. Chernobyl is the subject of more than this serie, but this is the only one that actually makes you feel as if you are experiencing the whole thing. It's so hard to watch, because of all the emotions you experience watching this, but you can't not watch it. The Chernobyl disaster has always fascinated me. I even remember doing a project on it while in grade school. This show did an absolutely amazing job depicting the deadly consequences and scale of this disaster and the science behind it. It created a true atmosphere of dread with its cinematography, score, and unforgettable haunting images and moments that few horror movies can achieve. Moments such as the sudden evacuation of Pripyat, the crowd dancing in the ashes on the bridge, the blue shaft of light above the nuclear fire, the soldiers quickly shoveling debris off the roof before they receive a fatal dose of radiation, the trucks full of dead animals, the graveyard of vehicles, and the men descending into the dark, flooded bowels of the plant as their flashlights die and their Geiger counter emits a steady stream of static will burn itself into your memory.<br/><br/>The acting is also uniformly great throughout, especially three main leads (Harris, Skarsgard and Watson) portraying intelligent, brave, frustrated professionals who are doing their best to resolve a terrifying situation against the backdrop of an obstinate, short-sighted and dying regime.<br/><br/>The story itself is fasinating. When you learn the true cause of the incident at the end, it's hard not to agree with Grobachov's later statement that Chernobyl was the beginning of the end of the Soviet Union.<br/><br/>Despite being a historical drama it is also a very timely story in that it is really hard not to see parallels to what we're seeing now with climate change. This is perfectly expressed by Legasov's statements about people not listening to scientists because they simply don't want to hear the truth even though the truth doesn't care about their politics, religion or beliefs, it lies in wait until it becomes impossible to ignore and how every lie we tell is a debt to the truth that sooner or later becomes due. This is one of the best mini series I am have watched I was 11 when Chernobyl happened and the fact this is a true to life series, it is scary how close we came to destroying the world as we knew it. Just finished it ... amazing mini series .. deserve all the high rating . I'm usually one of the first to complain about accents but within 5 minutes of the first episode I was hooked. Superb acting by a stellar and mainly English cast.<br/><br/>I read some of the reviews by people who were actually there and it seems it is very accurate which is a great compliment to the writers, producers and those responsible for the detail. I felt as if I was there and was completely absorbed.<br/><br/>I did some research and most of the lead cast are Shakespearean trained and it shows with the solid performances. Jared Harris is certainly a quality actor and I'll be watching more from him (will have to revisit Terror). I was sad to see it finish, only because we get so little quality programming but this was devastating to watch on the news when it happened.<br/><br/>A fantastic change from the usual bloated, hero driven drivel from Hollywood.<br/><br/>a well earned 10 from me We are from Russia! Thank you for this movie!!!!!! When you watch a programme or a film, how do you rate it? If it's a bit of a far-fetched story then you might knock some points off for that. This story is TRUE! That is what makes this story so incredible. You could hardly make up such a dramatic and tragic story.<br/><br/>Maybe you don't like the actors and the way they portray their parts. This would be fair comment, but apart from a few minor parts maybe being less than perfect, the cast is OUTSTANDING. Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard are both excellent.<br/><br/>There is nothing missing from this programme. At least nothing that would add any greater significance to the story. The ignorance and denial, The politics and the mistakes, the cost to both the environment and, the human race. It's all here.<br/><br/>Joseph Stalin is believed to have said something like, "A single death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic". This programme introduces a whole host of "singles" and I admit that I felt for every single one. The true horror of this event almost defies belief.<br/><br/>How good is it? I watched the final episode and started watching the series again two days later. DO NOT MISS IT. A Hungarian here, I was born in 1984. And I have to say, this series is maybe the biggest surprise so far. A captivating masterpiece. I have some memories from those times and the series gives them back accurately. It is stellar in every aspect, the environment, the Soviet atmosphere, my God, they could recreate those strict, Soviet faces which we have not seen for some time now which is maybe a bigger deal than the equipment... I don't know how, but the creators of this show could sense the morphogenetic field of those times. Also Jared Harris, Emily Watson, Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd are fantastic. I read some news about Russia and the show now, and I must say I am pretty much grieved by that. They want to recreate the show with a plot twist: the CIA sabotaged the reactor. Well...2 consequences can be drawn: 1, the show is stellar and the truth is so much out that it could terrify those who still want to conceal this story, and 2, it means not much have changed in Russia since 1986 which is the most scary aspect. Their endeavors to recreate the show in their political favour demonstrates that what the show states about the USSR is still valid to modern day Russia. We Hungarians didn't know about Chernobyl for about at least 10 days and many celebrated the 1st of May as if nothing happened. Also in Belarus and in the Ukraine many people didn't know until it was too late and tens, maybe hundreds of thousands got ill. They should accept this guilt of their predecessors instead of denying their part in it. The series gives maxinum respect to the heroes, the firefighters, the liquidators, they should be happy that the whole world finally knows how brave these people were. I salute to them. Amazing to say the least.. Chernobyl is just perfect.. a robust informative story line, good acting and exceptional direction and screenplay.. HBO I am looking forward to more such mini series. I haven't seen a show better than this in years! This is touching! What is the cost of lies?
Thought-provoking and powerful truth-telling is encompassed in HBO's 5-part miniseries Chernobyl. The masterpiece that it is has blown all critics and viewers out of proportion and touched them to their core. This hype has not only been lived up to but it has also done justice to those who were brave enough to tell the truth in communist USSR at that time. The popularity has grabbed the world's attention and has enabled this perfect show to be seen and heard for the truth that it is.
The magnificent filmmaking only adds to the powerful story of this series. Breath-taking visuals and cinematography, brilliant editing and sound design, and gut-wrenching makeup and effects all combine to convey the stark somber tone that was this tragedy. The sick makeup of the victims covered their innocent bodies just as the lies covered the whole truth of what was really going on in the Soviet Union. But it was the astounding acting of the people that brought the truth to the surface through moving performances. Even the ending of each episode leaves an eerie tone that points to a hidden truth yet to be revealed with the faint sounds of the Geiger counters detecting the devastatingly deadly radiation.
This story alone needed to be told but it was through the wise choice of a miniseries documentary-type re-enactment that delivered the people's true struggle to the world. HBO should be proud and should follow in suit of the giant well-deserved success of Chernobyl with other powerful true stories that need to be told.
After the aftermath of the largest nuclear power plant disaster in human history is when this story takes place for the majority of the show-later revealed as the momentous event that began the downfall of the horrendous Soviet Union. What a necessary story to be told. Excellent writing combined with the actual stories and testimonies of those brave souls who were there make this essential for all to see and witness. The masterful filmmaking only emboldened and highlighted it.
As (Comrade) Legasov courageously exclaimed, the truth needs to be told and the lies need to stop because the debt of lies will be paid and in this instance, it consequently killed thousands.
What is the cost of lies?
-TE (6.5.19) Wow, I am nearly speechless. I started watching when the first 3 episodes were out and I instantly binged them, eagerly awaiting the last two. It's pure brilliance.<br/><br/>The first three episodes are extremely dark and grim, really pushing you face down into how incredibly huge and overwhelming this disaster really was. The last two episodes really tie it all up as our main character is struggling with balancing his life in the name of truth and all tje corruption within the Soviet Union.<br/><br/>The visuals are insane, the casting superb - not only are the actors all very good, they even look similar to the real life character. The music is stunning, those strings never fail to make you feel it all. Besides all of that, it's also factually correct and doesn't mess around with many cultural stereotypes. It's raw and real, and you can certainly feel that.<br/><br/>At the end of the ride, after almost forgetting all of this did actually happen about 33 years ago - we get to see what happened to our characters in real life, most of it tragic. Goosebumps. Everywhere.<br/><br/>I'd give this a 9,5. The highest score any show could realisticly get as nothing is ever perfect. However since I can't do that here, it will be a 10. I cannot give this show a 9, it simply wouldn't be enough. Superb. Chernobyl is the product of a writer who has achieved mastery in his craft. This story has managed to perfectly encapsulate character, theme, subtext and drama. I hope this is taught in classes. The greatest thing I have ever seen in my whole life
That cost every thing That's it... There's nothing more to be added. The Narrative, the visuals, the performance, everything is crafted in a way I never expected.
THIS IS TRULY A MASTERPIECE!!! One of the best TV shows of all time. A great story of courage, sacrifice, and endurance, coupled with amazing acting, production, and sound effects. A masterpiece like no other! I try to rate shows and movies as accurately as my opinion will allow. But this pushes past the limit of 10 stars. The amount of moving moments in this show are truly humbling. Seeing the explosion of Chernobyl portrayed that paints the picture of the decline of the Soviet Union is something that we all must bear witness to. The show is amazing, but it's the personal reviews on here that have me in tears. I suppose I'm desensitized by Hollywood, so watching the show just seemed like entertainment. And it really is a great show. Great acting etc. But wow the reviews on here from people who lived there. Who lived the experience. Thank you to each and everyone of you who wrote. You made this so much more real to me. Chernobyl is something that has fascinated me for a very long time. From everything I have read and every documentary I have watched, it appears that the film makers took very few, if any, liberties with this story. It appears to be factually accurate, as I stated, based on everything I have read or seen on this subject. This incident did not need liberties taken. The facts are/were shocking and horrifying enough. Well done. I highly recommend watching. The best about this show is how it has been portrayed. The story goes in a steady pace (not so fast, not so slow), still makes it very thrilling experience for everyone. i was flabbergasted. shout out to make up artists and the director. the cinematography is awesome. shows the after effect of the disaster close to perfect. This TV Series is stunning. All the strong words of praise said about this one are completely covered by reality.This amazing TV Show premiered while the viewers were focused on the last season of Game Of Thrones.This is a must see. Ten stars - completely deserved.Good job,HBO! Loved the casting on this and the way it was constructed to tell the story of Chernobyl. This is a must-see for those who want to deeper explore the disaster of Chernobyl. We see the victims and the reactions of the people who were in charge. It's powerful and it not only provides details of what actually happened, but also gives a fascinating insight into the mind of a Soviet person. The sense of duty, the obedience to the regime and how cruelly it was exploited. The story needed to be told. I've seen the first couple of episodes and it is brilliant. The first episode exceeded my expectations I mean, every single shot was just superb. I think what makes it even more worrying for you is that this is a depiction of real life events. The directors and the writers have done a really good job so far. As someone who wasn't born in the Ukraine or had heard about the Chernobyl disaster before this show is certainly very insightful. Dropped right after GOT so I guess it's something to heal those wounds from a not so great GOT finale I can't recommend this enough, the casting is brilliant and compliments the superb writing and pacing of each episode. They have remained amazingly faithful to the true events besides condensing hundreds of scientists into one character which for the sake of the story is perfectly done also.<br/><br/>You will find yourself in awe of the story, shocked by the way things unfolded and slightly guilty for enjoying something so chilling and devastating. This show is about Heroism of simple people and the size of the catastrophe! This story is for the world to learn and to know! That is why it is in English, without russian accents and proper soviet forms of addresses in dialogs between people .<br/><br/>9.6 review can be much higher without pollution with 1 star review by russian trolls, who blame it on accents and English language. We can only expect the rating to drop, as the drama will expend and more truth will come out. The truth, that is different from Soviets official claim!<br/><br/>My greatest respect to all heroes of Chernobyl and their families! Big thank you to HBO and Stars for great script, good depiction of all important moments, without too much stress on Soviets and KGB.<br/><br/>The use of fictional character was a perfect solution to show endless attempts of many scientists in USSR outside the government circle, as well as scientists all over the world, to get through the wall of Soviet system and to help solve this problem, to help find the real reason of this catastrophe, so it would never happen again! I'm swedish, I was born 9 years after this happened but I've always been fascinated by the event. This series is truly amazing. I've never mourned and had goosebumps at the same time during a movie, series or whatever. Great job. To everyone who died during or because of Chernobyl, I'm sorry and I pay my respects. To everyone who've most someone or gotten sick because of Chernobyl, I hope you think this series got you some type of justice. I can't even imagine how you feel. I definitely recommend this to everyone. This is best show with horror twist. Go and watch it. Rate 10000/10 Very detailed and just a masterpiece WOW!!!
I hope it continues the same way to the end Just watch it all I need to say you will be glad you did but also very sad for the poor people who was affected by this truly horrible disaster Without a doubt the best miniseries I have ever seen. It drags you in with captivating acting and a beautifull set. It is a really horrifying, because it feels like you are there, walking around the reactor, when the dosimeter is screeching. There are no spoilers in this review. How can there be? This series is the most authentic of its its kind - EVER! Incredible camera work. Special effects blend absolutely seamlessly with actual footage. The agony of those first responders lying in hospital are mesmerising. The casting is spot on and the progress of each character through the series looks highly promising. The facts on which this series is built are beyond questionable. It DID happen and like this too . This is an absolutely superb series - I am almost tempted to describe it as a documentary - and it is a must watch for every generation especially many youngsters still at school,if only as a reminder if nothing else, of both the efficiency and necessity of nuclear power, but also the need to totally respect and safeguard its use and operation. The sad environment in those years in the USSR - tatty paintwork, appallingly lapse hospital hygiene, total lack of regard for human lives and the overwhelming fear of "deprecating the state" by revealing the truth are lessons for all mankind. I hasitated to watch this series.<br/><br/>Making an series of an disaster of this magnitude, would seem sheer impossible...
But...I did watch it and...it is incredible, the dark end gloomy emotion that surrounds this series is utterly breathtaking.
The interaction between the main cast is also very telling, the "sovjet" way is always there and ranks are adequately uphold.
The "thing" that makes this series jump way out from others is the incredible people and their enormous sacrifice.
The incredible things these people did to save all of us from an horrible future, is really unfathomable, I really don't have any more words to describe this series.
You really need to watch this series, because, it really deserves watching. I have never ever seen a series this engaging. You can't switch off your TV, move or even care to open the door for someone. It's that much engaging. It contains all the tiniest of the tiny information about the Chernobyl Accident. HBO simply nailed it 100%. All the episodes up until 3rd are just mesmerizing. I am just waiting for the next episode to come out.
TL; DR
Go turn on your TV and watch this show. This is honestly a masterpiece in storytelling. The visuals, acting, and writing are second to none. To portray such a harrowing event in such explicit detail and to nail the time period so perfectly is amazing. You honestly feel as if you're there suffering with these people. Man, I have always been fascinated by the events that occured so going into this I felt quite clued up and ready to see how accurate it would be, this did not prepare me at all for seeing it conveyed on the show and the true gravity and darkness of what happened.<br/><br/>Gripped and Shook, telling everybody I know to watch this! I really can't talk about it, not just history, it's facts and creepy stuff can happen anytime anywhere withous us citizens knowing it!!! 10/10 for acting, story, Graphic, and Science facts.. SMARTEST SHOW EVER Being born very close to the date this disaster happened, I've always been intrigued by the story, or more accurately, the lack thereof. This show has not only been highly educational but also absolutely enthralling; the pure terror (and mesmerising beauty) they've managed to capture on screen has been nothing short of extraordinary. I know what's coming (through my own research) but the story is told in such as way that you feel that's it's unfoldinding in real-time and experience the emotions that come it. The significance of the events of that fateful day should not be forgotten, nor downplayed. I tip my hat to the producers for taking on such a politically sensitive topic with such fearlessness, but am in pure admiration for the masterpiece of cinema they have crafted. Can't wait for the next episode I have never seen such a deal breaker serial
for many years i knew breaking bad as the best Serial ever been
but now this changed my mind I have never rated any movie or series more than 8 stars But when i watched those 3 terrific episodes of Chernobyl Miniseries i was completely satisfied with this series I mean everyone should watch this series To be honest please i was eagerly waiting for this series to be released And now its unbelievable that its breaking records on IMBD Love HBOs work It's one of the best mini-series i've ever seen and to be honest i enjoyed the title music very much, another masterpiece from HBO I've watched many documentaries about Chernobyl and have always wanted to see a well made film/series created to be able to see a more kinda personal perspective of the tragedy. What can I say this series does not disappoint!! An incredible insight into the worst manmade disaster of all time and how easily and quickly things can go catastrophically wrong. But also how many brave people made the ultimate sacrifice to save millions of others. I'm a science nerd, and one of my childhood memories is seeing a headline about this thing called "Chernobyl" and being fascinated by how this tremendous technology could go so wrong. When I saw the first trailer, I was skeptical. Very skeptical. The credits of the writers and directors didn't exactly fill me with confidence. I figured it would be overdramatized, hysterical, poorly executed, and detached from reality. I sat down to hate watch the first episode and was blown away. I was wrong. Totally wrong. This is brilliantly cast, brilliantly shot, and very close to actual events. Co-workers, friends, family, I've been telling them all to watch this. It's disturbing, certainly. To know this happened, how it happened, and to know what the gruesome end was for these poor men, but if you've been even slightly interested in the story of Chernobyl, or even looking for a top-tier historical docudrama, here it is. I've watched it. I've re-watched it, it just holds up.<br/><br/>Stop what you're doing and watch. You will not be disappointed.<br/><br/>Just beware if you have a sensitive stomach - let's just say if the makeup and prosthetic director doesn't get an Emmy it'll be a crime. I was 7 years old when this accident happened and was living at west region of Black Sea in Turkey.. One of the upper north points of Turkey and close to Ukraine.. I remember the tension of my parents -both doctors- which made us travel to Eagean zone for a while.. The rain brought many of the radioactive waste on to us just 2-3 days after the disaster.. Many people died in 20-30 years time because of cancer.. The show is so realistic and you can unbelievably feel the radiation around you.. And you actually learn what happened that day after so many years.. A must watch tv series ! Best miniseries in the world
every small detail is perfect and special Outstanding terrifying Sad.
Unbelievable that the world does not know about the 3 heroes that saved the planet. Should be taught in all schools.... I remember being at school when this happened a they told us in Great Britain to close our windows.
RIP to the 10s of thousands that died due to incompetence. And a big thank you to the heroes of Chernobyl...... Must see tv, real horror. I cannot stress it enough, this show simply needs to be seen by everyone. Both for the story and also for the cinematography. I was 20 when this event happened. I appreciate that the Russian government were economical with the truth about the disaster, but even once the news began to trickle out, we could never begin to understand the enormity of the task those brave men and women faced to secure the country, and the worlds safety. This series is therefore so important in depicting the desperate realities of the disaster, including the human and ecological costs. We simply sit and watch in silence, mouths often dropping open, at how devastating this event was. The individual heroic stories are a reminder of what can be achieved despite others showing little, or no regard for human life. The make up artists in particular require a special mention. Their work is outstanding. Dark, grim, awe inspiring, and believable performances. Every second of episode one had me on the edge of my seat! To see it like this sheds light on the disaster like never before. Unbelievable! After watching Chernobyl, every body should think again about what kind of evil empire was the main threat for the free world and how they killed own people and lying them easily to cover up their awful way of governance. Never felt so good to watch something that leaves you so sad and depressed<br/><br/>HBO I forgive you for the terrible end of GOT for producing this masterpiece, well deserved to be the best mini serie of all time Excellent!!! It was the most impressive film I've ever seen. I watched the second episode, and I may be a grown man of 72 years and it made me cry... My thoughts were with the thousands of people already affected and the fate of those already dying.
It is a very powerful show. No one will come out of it unaffected.<br/><br/>Nuclear power is NOT something we need to use, not now, not after Chernobyl and Fukushima.... There are NO safeguards when something goes wrong. History has taught us that no matter how prepared we think we are, there will always be the unforeseen.
Everyone should watch this terrific piece of history which so far has been well done by HBO.
If I could give it a 20, I would, simply for its historical value. WOW! How unreal is this real story??? I must admit that i didn't expect this when i started watching the show. The energy is so crazy... What happend here is so unfair and i would like to see more of this stories when innocent people died because of the "experts" and not so god Government. No. 1, ultimate series, all thing..music acting, directiin, reality link, background music is outstanding.its diasterous (after watch this u finish..great)series to watching this, perfect describe of ines 7 accident in simplified way.so that everyone can understand.superb....one The Series Was So Nicely Maintained .Loved it 😍😋😍😋 Grt work done by HBO..
Went emotional in the end for people who lost their life.
Must watch for everyone. "My advice: tell the truth. These men work in the dark. They see everything."<br/><br/>For the average person, the indifferent one, the person with no real bond to the matter at hand, the person who's not a victim of this tragedy, whose family, relatives, friends, people are not and will probably not be a victim of this disaster, for that person and that person only this is a work of art, this is as good as a mixture of filmaking, storytelling, documenting and investigating can ever be!<br/><br/>Now bear in mind that what you have seen on the screen might not be the whole truth the creators are claiming it to be ! but then again who ARE WE TO JUDGE.
Thank you HBO for supporting such work to see the light.<br/><br/>9,5/10 The most shocking fact is, that it did happen in real life.
I remember the day, when the news were on TV and the papers more than 30 years ago.
I had no idea, how much of avoidable human failure and ignorance of safety regulations is involved.
and it is frightening, to know about all the other nuclear power plants spreaded all over the world.
this series is a must see, it should be shown in schools as a warning, also regarding corruption and ignorance of responsible politics. They have done a pretty good job making the series HBO has done the work always, a clear depiction of the Incident. Watched In a single day. Loved it . Yes, we all know the story of Chernobyl. I remember it happening, when i was 25. This is a fantastic series and keeps you on the edge of your seat all the way through. We should all watch this and even put it on at schools throughout the country. The quality of direction, cinematography, musical score, acting, production design, and writing is like non I've ever seen in a mini-series. Chernobyl still pays the cost of lies in the form of lives.
Brilliant depiction of the events which as a foreigner would never have got.<br/><br/>Great Job HBO. I couldn't stop pausing the series right after some of the unbelievable facts had been shown or said by the characters in the series, searching if they made that bigger then they were, for the sake of entertainment.<br/><br/>Most Times they didnt... and thats what scared me most. The series is entertaing and gripping throught all the episodes and the acting is too good. Think about this: the show only gets such high score because it's based on an impactful real event. If it were a fictional event, the score would be much lower because the show is just entertaining. And it is not even historically accurate.
Not bad, not a master piece. Chernobyl is a 5 episode mini-series recounting the Chernobyl disaster, with the first 4 episodes recounting the disaster from multiple viewpoints, and the 5th summarizing it via a trial of the three main people responsible for pushing a nuclear plant test that simply should not have been done. Indeed, the plant itself was an accident waiting for the right circumstances to happen.<br/><br/>On a whole, it's a really good series. Jared Harris as the principal nuclear physicist serving as technical lead and Stellan Skarsgård as the "one good bureaucrat" are simply exceptional in their roles. The 4th episode drags a bit with a story about soldiers killing dogs and other pets that have been irradiated. Yes, it's sad, and I suppose the point was to show those "little stories" that would fall through the cracks. Still, it slowed the pace of the mini-series as a whole. The mini-series actually could have used a bit more of that as I thought it was interesting, but only up to a point and I think they just went a bit too far. That said, it's a minor issue.<br/><br/>The authenticity of the setting is also remarkable. Granted, I don't know what mid-80s Pripyat and the surrounding area looks like, but it looked genuine to me. Pacing was great (outside of that 4th episode) and I couldn't wait to start the next one. The last episode was a fitting and wonderful end to the series. It's not meant to be a documentary, but it's certainly more than "inspired by true events". I guess you can call it an historical drama and it's one of the best I've seen.<br/><br/>I hesitated between and 8 and 9 on this. It would have been a 9 had they made a better 4th episode; at the same time, it doesn't feel fair to drop a point for one story of one episode (the other major story about using a lunar robot, then bio-robots to clean the roof was spectacular). In the end, I decided on a 9 given I think it's one of those "you have to see it" type TV series, whereas an 8 to me is a "solid and really enjoyable" but not something that would make a bucket list. Since many months, I have been reading about the rise and fall of Communism across the world in the last century, which is when I came across this film.<br/><br/>Though I had heard about the Chernobyl disaster, I had never read about it or seen any documentary of it, and this was the first series or visual representation of it that I saw. It was impressively made. Thought I initially wondered why the dialogues were in English instead of Russian, I later realized it was an HBO production. However I would have loved to see a russian language production, but I guess due to the controversies surrounding this incident in the Central Committee, State and Council of Ministers in Communist Soviet, I guess we will never get to see a Russian made series about Chernobyl (or maybe I'm wrong, and I'm not aware).<br/><br/>Anyways, it was a pretty impressive show. And I almost felt as if the radiation was hitting me while watching the show, and I felt like I was in Chernobyl physically. It was wonderfully made, the dialogues and locations and sets. And I never knew that officials and people of high positions address each other as "Comrades" in a Communist Government. This was something new to me.<br/><br/>I would recommend this mini series (5 episodes) to everybody. A faithful recount/dramatization of past/current/future events/implications surrounding CNPP reactor 4's explosion in 1986 proving that we are being led/governed by actual monsters and USA and RU should be wiped off the face of the earth.
Plot twist: but thank god we have animal protection rights.
Also not as a critique to the movie, but to the people's mentality/judgement who decided to live in surrounding areas/Prypiat : who TF in their right mind starts a family and raises children only 2 FREAKIN KM FROM A NUCLEAR POWERPLANT. and people gathering to watch the fire, OMFG You see so much action , so much suffering , so much danger ,so many people (and animals) helpless and then the worse part its to let sink that it all really happened As a person who comes from a country that was ruled by the Communism, I have a good idea of how it was, because we still suffer the consequences of the most inhumane regime in the mankind history and the worst of them are not the economical ones, but the moral.<br/><br/>The mentality of how the actions, the conversations, the people are is right how it happened. There are a lot of great details in every scene: objects, colors. The clock I saw in the very first seconds of Episode 1 is something so common - it was present at home as well. The way the most vile and uneducated scums got promoted to the highest position is what happens even today in the post-communist countries - exactly as in Episode 2 and the ex-shoe factory low life that is now Deputy Secretary and who "prefers his own opinion over the one of a scientists" - this is devastating for a nation and its talents.<br/><br/>But what hurt most is the end: that it's all based on lies. Of hiding information. As it happened in Bulgaria: the Government not only hid the disaster from the people, but the politicians of the highest ranking hid their families and were feeding them with imported products, while the nation was even left to go on the regular parade for the 1st of May. And then the Government revealed it to the people like something minor. And you can imagine the consequences that are still ongoing.<br/><br/>So for those of you who want to know a bit more how it was living in Communism, how and why the Chernobyl disaster happened, for those of you who want to see a masterpiece of cinema work - go for the mini-series. This is one of the best miniseries I've ever watched! And even if you don't know what a nuclear reactor is and how does it work, this series is going to teach you a lot about it.<br/><br/>My heart goes out to all the ones who have suffered and died in this disaster! An unbelievable series from start to finish, there is never a dull point throughout the show. I was impressed with how real everything seemed, from the sets/props to the acting and dialogue, almost like it was recorded from the past itself. The amount of scenes in the series that blew my mind are innumerable. From the 3 divers, to the 90 seconds rooftop scene, to the workers staring in horror at the smoldering reactor realising instantly they had less than a week, the series never failed to capture the powerful emotions at hand. The series was so riveting and engaging that even towards the end of the last episode, I was anticipating the disasters of Chernobyl even though I knew what would happen. Chernobyl was an unforgettable and well written series that I would recommend to everyone, the story and its message are something that I believe everybody should see.<br/><br/>Geiger Counters now make me slightly anxious.<br/><br/>Please don't blame Soviet Union or famously referred to as USSR for this. Rating - 8.8/10
Review :
The behind the scenes drama and horror of the 1986 disaster at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine.
A great credit to so many who knowingly gave their lives to save not only Ukraine, but much of Europe from an even greater disaster than anyone could have imagined.
What leaves us with a thought is that, is it really the radiation or the negligence and recklessness of humans far more dangerous?
This series is slow burning nightmare and well worth watching.
#HBO Historically educational yet needed to be watched. It may get depressing to watch Right, well with all the hype that the 2019 HBO mini-series "Chernobyl" have been getting, of course I would also eventually buckle and cave in, giving in to sitting down and watching all 5 episodes.<br/><br/>And I ended up watching all 5 episodes in a continuous go; binge watching the entire mini-series. The creator, Craig Mazin, was really good at spellbinding the audience with each episode and leaving you wanting to know and see more, thus you continue on with one episode after another.<br/><br/>I was 11 years old when this accident happened, and living in Denmark, we were just mildly affected by the repercussions of the nuclear accident. So it was something that sort of struck a bell with me.<br/><br/>This story, while it is tragic and terribly, was also interesting and fascinating at the same time, especially with the way that it was presented throughout the mini-series.<br/><br/>There is a great abundance of very nicely cast actors and actresses performing in "Chernobyl", and I must say that especially Jared Harris and Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd stood out phenomenally. But actually everyone that appeared in the mini-series were nicely cast and put on good performances.<br/><br/>But after the third episode, it felt like most of the steam started to vent from the balloon and the mini-series started to loose its iron grip and events became less intense and hard-hitting. But still, it was an enjoyable mini-series from start to end, no doubt about that.<br/><br/>Personally, I think the HBO mini-series is hyped up a bit too much, and the high rating is sort of strange to me. Yes, "Chernobyl" was good and entertaining, an enjoyable production for sure, but it was hardly a masterpiece, which the high rating gives way to believe.<br/><br/>And after having binge watched all 5 episodes, I doubt that I will ever return to watch "Chernobyl" a second time. While it was interesting and enjoyable, there simply wasn't enough meat to this mini-series that could substantiate a second viewing for me. Already familiar with the storyline and the events, there would be nothing to lure me back a second time. I found this to be a perfectly fine miniseries and nothing more. The dialogue was nothing special, the characters (besides Dyatlov) weren't memorable, and the story was excessively slow and drawn out. The first and last episodes were great intense looks at what happened in the control room, but the middle 3 episodes are pretty much just the 2 dull scientist leads trying to figure out what happened, it's not exactly gripping storytelling.<br/><br/>Likely overrated because it came out at the same time as Game of Thrones season 8. I'm honestly shocked that this show has such amazing ratings and reviews. I'm Ukrainian and I was so disappointed with how this show had so many inaccuracies.<br/><br/>I had to force myself to watch the entire season, because the timeline was so slow and repetitive. I love watching anything about Chernobyl, but this show was such a disappointment. As a Ukrainian, I'm not happy with how this show depicted this tragedy. Good that HBO got lots of peoples attention to this disaster but the series story is over the top drama. Instead of wasting 7 hours in this series, please watch BBC documentary about same, much better than this over the top drama. Most annoying thing is the story telling and direction is same as the BBC documentary. Don't know how people dont see this as a mediocre. I have some issues with the series..mostly the script and the pace, but really it doesn't matter.
It is a good production with stellar cast and it fulfills its purpose well, which is to tell the story of the Chernobyl accident.<br/><br/>
Sure, most of us in Europe over 40y we know what happened, most of the things shown in this series didn't surprise us.
However next generations or people around the world don't know and they must learn what happened there. They must learn about the dangers of nuclear power but most of all about the danger of a government (or corporate in other parts of the world) trying to build cheap reactors or hide the truth from people without any respect for human life or/and the environment.<br/><br/>
My only complain is that I feel they should had devoted more time to the liquidators and to the impact the accident had to the lives of millions in the following years.<br/><br/>extra credits for the amazing music.. This series would be perfect without unnecessary anti-socialism sentiments. I do not usually post many reviews, but I would like to tell that this show is excellent. And please do not pay attention to paid Stalinist types from Russia pointing to 'lies'. It is not a documentary. It is a cautionary story about the cost of lies, about a flawed political and social system based on terror and Stalinist mass killings. And it is not only a story about the USSR, it is a story about lies in any political system. Brexit or Trump are not any better in this regard. Perfect. Stunning. Real horror. It's scary, in so many ways.
The thing that struck me is how same America is to Soviet Russia- it reminds me of the "Patriots" in America who refuse to acknowledge the truth about our country.
There is a scene, where they all decide to be "patriots" and kill a million people. They all decide to grasp on to the lie.
At the cost of so much..
I ache for books, I miss them in our culture and inside the minds of people, children, etc. But sometimes a show comes along that is almost as good.
I think this is one of them. Call me a conspiracy theorist, but reading down all the 10 star reviews and most of them are 'I'm russian' or 'I work in a nuclear power plant' or 'I'm from ukraine'... frankly I call BS!!<br/><br/>Started to watch this, honestly after 20 minutes the terrible acting was annoying me almost as much as the fact everyone sounded like they were in a 1960s English sitcom. Surely getting some actors who actually sound Russian would have helped?<br/><br/>Anyway, very disappointed. Shame was looking forward to this Come on now, really? Was Chernobyl good enough to win an Emmy? Apparently so because that is what in fact it just did. First of all I was just put off by the British accents. The production team asked the Brit actors to "take the edge off" their British accents...really? Also saying they didn't want the actors portraying Russian accents to get in the way. Well if they are good actors then it shouldn't be that big of a deal one would think. Most films I've seen where actors speak English with a German or Russian accent seem to give the film credibility.<br/><br/>So with that said Chernobyl is a story that needs to be told and remembered. Good cinematography and editing. First of all, who cares about accents and language when the acting is so good? This show is a master class in directing and production design.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, it is also wildly inaccurate for a series ostensibly based on factual events. No, a nuclear power plant cannot explode like a thermonuclear bomb! No, a 5 megaton detonation cannot destroy a city 400 km away! No, an accident at single nuclear power plant cannot render most of Europe uninhabitable! No, a melted core cannot poison all water reserves and rivers in the Soviet Union! No, a fetus cannot "absorb" radiation thus "shielding" the mother.<br/><br/>Less than 100 people died from the accident during the explosion or from radiation exposure in the subsequent clean up operation. The number of cancer cases caused by the accident is estimated by the UN to be around 4000 overall (of which most will be non-fatal). Compared to the amount of cigarettes smoked and vodka drunk in this series, the effects of long term radiation may be the least of their problems!<br/><br/>The personal tragedies and the portrait of the Soviet incompetence and cynicism is more than enough to create a compelling drama, so it is frustrating that the creators of the show felt the need to overdramatize the consequences of the accident. It is doubly sad precisely because the show feels so authentic that most people watching it will come away thinking the Chernobyl accident and nuclear power in itself posed and poses an existential threat to the entire continent. Just look at all the reviews here praising the show's "authenticity". Dramatization is fine up to a point but as a portrayal of an actual event this kind of over dramatization is inexcusable. The only negative I can give is that it was not more than 5 episodes. Totally Brilliant production, i was totally hooked in within the first 15 minutes. Can't think of a flaw it's just amazing. From the acting to the cinematography to the direction and fantastic production design it is perfectly executed. The writing itself is in a whole other league of excellence. First of all, I want to shout out to Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard for the best performances of their lives. Two well known actors, one Swedish and one British, this was their best work ever.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is probably one of the best series I have ever seen. What happened on that Spring day in 1986, was so terrible, unthinkable, and sadly, avoidable. The story unfolds the day reactor 1 of the Chernoble nuclear plant blows up and how it affects the Soviet Union, the people who lived within a wide radius of this explosion and the staggering loss of life by men of such great courage that I am left wondering why there isn't a monument somewhere with every name written on it, to remember the sacrifice they made, not just for their country, but for the world.<br/><br/>This happened in the early days of Nuclear power, before humankind knew enough about it to be placing these plants all over the world in anticipation of cheap and efficient energy (or so they thought). They were actually still in the experimental stage when this happened and, in some ways, we learned much, once the Soviet Union could no longer contain the information about what happened. The story unfolds step by step from what caused the explosion, to the process of putting out a fire that killed thousands of men who gave their lives because if that reactor explosion fire was not put out, the other three reactors would have most like followed and the fallout, literally, from an explosion that large, would have gone world wide. To the truth about what happened in the early days after the explosion. The decisions made by the highest powers at that time were mind boggling. Instead of worrying about the impending explosions of the other reactors, the government was scrambling hard and fast to keep a lid on it with no information going out. It wasn't until there were Roentgens detected in Switzerland (according to this series) that the lid came off and the world found out what had happened. That blew my mind!<br/><br/>It is a complicated story, but told so well that you understand every little detail as it unfolds. Yes, it was a truly fantastic piece of filming, but I want to remark on the emotions I felt throughout the series. We were told the Soviets were evil people. But what I saw were just people who got caught in an unimaginable disaster, according to the storytellers, the worst disaster the modern world has ever known. And could have became a global disaster. I want to thank the brave men and women who died throughout the process of getting this Chernobyl disaster under control many times against unforgiving odds. Thousands died and countless thousands died in the years thereafter due to the effects of outrageous amounts of radiation pouring into the atmosphere for days after the explosion. It broke my heart and at times, was very difficult to watch. But what I took away from it I will never forget. This was avoidable. This wasn't an unmanageable weather disaster or an accident due to mechanical failure. It was an accident brought on by naive humans experimenting with a source of energy they still knew too little about. I also took away the knowledge that my daughter was born in November of that year, so I was pregnant when it happened. These people who put out that raging fire and sacrificed their lives doing it? Saved more lives than just in the Soviet Union. This would have been a much larger contamination event without the heroism and sacrifices made during those first days after Chernobyl blew. If there isn't a monument? There should be! Well done, HBO. And I am not a fan of HBO. I got caught into Chernobyl after watching the Game of Thrones 8th season. And I am so glad I did. A must see for ALL PEOPLE. Very very highly recommended! Get HBO just to binge this piece of human history and learn! The events in Chernobyl showed in practice how terrible the consequences of the negligence of a person giving orders could be. Undoubtedly the accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant occurred through the fault of selfish people. Without even realizing it, they doomed thousands of people to death and disease. But who were these people?<br/><br/>This series deserves compliments for its attitude to details, high-quality shooting and the play of actors. Is this the TV show of the year? Unfortunately, I can not call him that. Not for nothing I drew an analogy with the foundation of the house in the table of contents. This series has a foundation, but the foundation was designed by a very inexperienced engineer. This engineer looked from afar at the foundation he wanted to repeat when building his house and tried very hard to do everything right, but unfortunately he could not.<br/><br/>"What is the price of a lie?", This series asks us a question. On the subject of this question, you can argue for a long time and find real stories or invent them to interpret the basic meaning of the question. However, the authors chose a catastrophe in Chernobyl and this was the most fatal mistake in the "design of the foundation", because of which it was covered with cracks.<br/><br/>The fact is that all the main message of the series is based on the moments invented by the writers. The characters are built on these moments, the whole drama is built on these moments. This is a very big mistake.<br/><br/>"Chernobyl" was supposed to be a show exclusively about the negligence of the manager, at that time, the reactor staff and the courage of all those who saved the whole continent, but not about lies and struggle against the state.<br/><br/>The very "artistic conventions" turned the brave people who saved the world into intimidated bastards, who have to choose: to save the whole world or not to get a bullet from their own state. "The artistic conventions" are so huge that in order to see them you will need to "step back ":<br/><br/>1. Legasov was not the "central" character of those events, he was only a link in a huge chain. He did not beg the government to evacuate, he didn't work alone (Homyuk doesn't count: the real prototypes that included in she are not the three people who worked in team with Legasov), he didn't make everyone "move" and moreover he didn't persuade everyone that it is dangerous. The KGB never "pressed" on him (source: decryption of Legasov's tapes. It also indirectly proves that he did not hide the tapes, and his memoirs "went" to all the institutes after his report in Vienna). There are several theories why Legasov committed suicide: 1 - fear of radiation sickness; 2 - harassment among colleagues who envied Legasov's success after his report in Vienna. Dyatlov did not see pieces of graphite on the ground, and after the accident he walked around the unit two times, but did not understand what had happened. Dyatlov left the station by ambulance, it tells that all the time he was at the station.<br/><br/>2. People in high positions did not sit on their hands: immediately after a few hours after the accident, teams were formed for possible elimination of consequences and evacuation of people and they were formed simultaneously with the formation of the "Legasov team". The high ranks immediately knew about the danger and no scientist persuaded them. None of the higher ranks had the right to face the death penalty, especially Shcherbina, who served as deputy chairman of the Council of Ministers of the USSR and had no relation to the judicial system, and for the behavior shown in the series, could lose his post.<br/><br/>3. Immediately after the disaster, the Chernobyl nuclear power plant sent a signal "1, 2, 3, 4", which indicated that the station had all the possible dangers, including radiation, that is, people understood what they were going. The day after the accident, all the TV channels of the USSR were told about the catastrophe. During the liquidation, documentaries were filmed and shown to the population of the USSR on television. Where is the "big lie" that is said in the series?<br/><br/>How now, knowing how everything was in reality, do you see the characters of the series? The above facts have an "absolute" influence on how events would unfold, so their distortion leads to a distortion of the whole event and its perception. These are the facts that were not worth distorting. These are the very distortions due to which the writers were able to move that event to the plane they need - the plane of lies, when in reality there was no talk of that.<br/><br/>What did it lead to? Now everyone will believe that the higher ranks were just sitting out their pants and intimidating everyone with execution while people were dying from radiation, when in reality they were the first to start thinking about solving the problem. Now everyone will think that people were not told about the danger, although in fact they were told almost immediately. Now everyone will believe that people were silenced and forbidden to talk about danger, when in fact the accident was made public in the country almost immediately.<br/><br/>Therefore, I call the screenwriters "inexperienced engineers": they turned the meaning of those events, that life lesson upside down. This was done in order to get into the main message of the film: "The Price of Lie", but it turns out to have unexpected consequences. Just like that cherished button AZ-5.<br/><br/>Comrade scriptwriters, what is the price of a lie? This show is executed beautifully. A masterclass in reality and surrealism, making the reality and horror of this event, indeed, stranger than fiction. Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard are at the top of their game with a magnificent Emily Watson leading the way. Magnificent. 10/10 Chernobyl has little to no narrative flaws that I can name from the top of my head. The writing is excellent, the directing is subline, and so is the acting. But what does Chernobyl do best? It's atmosphere. It's terrifying, really, what is dramatised for us. The cinematography is all Grey and dark , making a deeply disturbing feeling. You feel claustrophobic, afraid and shook while you watch everyone of the sofar 4 episodes. I can not wait for the finale.<br/><br/>Chernobyl rivals the quality of Breaking Bad, Fargo (1&2) and GoT. A superbly terrifying and well executed series that makes it scarier than most horror films because we know it happened before, and the horrors of Radiation sickness is nothing to snort at. I actually learn things from the show, from how truly devastating radiotion can be, to how a RMBK nuclear reactor works.<br/><br/>This, ladies and gentlemen, is how you make a true story captivating. An epic miniseries by HBO
The intensity of the series is mindblowing.
There are certain scenes which will make you heartbreak, will make you cry.
One of the best T.V series ever produced. Please take some time out and watch this .. please , I have no words to describe this amazing show.. After 3 episodes i went on eBay to look for a geiger counter!! This show is incredibly good!! It is as good the first 4 seasons of game of thrones if not better. Amazing cinematography and well performing actors. Although I was born well after the disaster (1999) this show makes me feel like I was there too. I highly recommend it; if only the last season of game of thrones was written by these awesome writers.... Wow another masterpiece from the great world of television "HBO". Y seen the first episode but it looks so good, really recomend it. This TV show may very well be one of the greatest series to ever grace our screens. The immaculate attention to detail, pacing, the scenery, the design, audio are all simply flawless. The first episode is truly captivating - I think it captures the people's feelings and thoughts perfectly. I also love the fact that it contains so many unknown yet amazing actors. I'm trying to think of some flaws - I simply cannot. A MUST WATCH for any of you reading this! A Nuclear disaster, that took place in summer of 86 in the era of cold war in a town in present day Ukraine, this show is a gripping and exciting storytelling of a Nuclear disaster, Its horrific and fatal effects on humans and most importantly about the Political cover-up as well as scapegoating of a young Nuclear scientist for that fateful night.
Show is grim and gloomy throughout and don't expect it to be with happy ending because, there is not.
For me, it is 10/10 A series that demonstrates how overwhelming and cruel the state can be with the population in order to defend itself. The communist system is a humanist deception that only works for the blind. From start to finish every aspect was incredible.
Direction was the best I've seen on TV. Congrats to all involved. The way Chernobyl portrays a stark conflict between scientific objectivism and cold war politics is notable, underlining how the forces of propaganda and denial of the incident by Soviet officials made it extremely difficult for scientists to properly contain the disaster. Chernobyl not only informs the audience with an in-depth account of how the disaster unfolded and who was involved but also demonstrate the plights of living and operating under Soviet rule, especially for those whose professions are scientific in their nature. This is a compelling tale remarkably written by Craig Mazin and beautifully acted by an extremely talented ensemble. I'm thinking of the various docudramas I've seen in my television watching life, which probably goes back to the early or mid 1960s, and I just can't think of anything that compares to the job this talented crew did on Chernobyl. I would imagine that Emmys would be in order for Johan Rieck's directing, Craig Mazin's screenplay, and at minimum, Jared Harris and Stellan SkaÃ¤rsgard for acting. The evolution of the relationship between scientist Harris and lifelong "party hack" Skaarsgard is one of the most impressively told subplots in Chernobyl . The story of incompetence in a dysfunctional authoritarian state is sadly topical 33 years after the events depicted in this miniseries. I don't think I am even capable of writing a review that could do justice to this absolute masterpiece. The most important message for me that we must always look for the truth because even today we are surrounded by lies, misinterpretations, covered and false information around us. It is still relevant today. I hope there will always be people who chase the truth even if it means their life is torn. I also hope that others see this deeper message too. I was born in 1977 and didn't think much about = Chernobyl.
Today, I'm 42 years old and I love this TV SERIE !!
After = HBO = CARNIVALE TV SERIE !!! .....
This is my next fav TV serie EVER !! With great actors !!! It's realistic well maded !! CHAPOO !! 10/10 Its well adapted series, all the actors did fabulous job. This was a disaster I read about in school. I never felt the need to know more about it. This show portrays how hard it was to deal with such a situation especially with the stubborn political leaders.<br/><br/>You can feel the fear, the helplessness and the anger of the characters.<br/><br/>People have a problem with it not being realistic. Its not a documentary, its a historical drama. Obviously it has some unrealistic parts. It might not get it dead right but its the best thing I've watched in a long time.<br/><br/>There was not a moment of boredom in this 5 episode series. It was crisp and well written. The visuals shock you but they make you realize that the comfortable lives we have could be way worse.<br/><br/>The scenes where they have to shoot the pets or use humans to clear the building or the fire fighters in the starting scene. These are situations of utmost bravery and its brilliant.<br/><br/>The music is spot on. The characters are portrayed to perfection and its simply amazing. I rate it 10/10. Without exaggeration, I have watched at the very least a thousand of movies/series in my life. I have always used imdb to read reviews and find movies or series to watch, but nothing inspired me to create an account. Chernobyl, however, was so good that I had to make an account to give it a 10.<br/><br/>I have been very interested in the Chernobyl disaster for years, but no documentary or article has satisfied me before this mini-series. Now, I can finally say that I got what I wanted all along. For some, the series may have a couple of tiny flaws, but for me, it was perfect.<br/><br/>Would recommend to anyone, anytime. This mini series is beautifully done. After the first episode the impending dread that I have radiation poisoning and I'm going to die soon, the symbolism of cement covering the last visuals of a person, and the human growth and soul crushing realisty that one character had to face in episode 4, it is terrifying and thrilling show. From the actual horror of radiation poison, to the reaction of the USSR, it is horrifying. I find myself crying at the end of multiple episode and wanting to thank all the people for their amazing sacrifice. And the train bridge scene in the first episode, it will forever haunt me. The kids playing so innocently in the ash. It all looks so real, it's really intense this depiction of an invisible but massive disaster! Probably the best movie of the scentury ,I haven't watched such a captivating movie in my life!! Wow, just wow, the acting , the mood, everything is so well made.
This is a must see series, if u haven't seen it yet, start watching today! I can't believe how good this miniseries was. They got as accurate as they possibly could. With the buses, to the towns, to the helicopter crash and the names and everything else that you could possibly think of. By far, the best series I've watched, and the second best (Breaking Bad) doesn't come close. For me it is rather a documentation than a (short) series.<br/><br/>It is really hard to swallow if you just try to imagine how the people felt after the accident back in '86.<br/><br/>The tension is just outstanding. You can feel all emotions which we have as human beings in this 5 hours.<br/><br/>Just watch it! You wont regret one second.<br/><br/>151 I was initially reluctant to watch this but I am so happy I decided to sit down and engross myself in this visual masterpiece.<br/><br/>Chilling, intriguing, dark, mysterious- this show has it all. From the incredible cast, with Jared Harris as Valery Legasov and Paul Ritter as Anatoly Dyatlov giving incredible performances, the perfect use of cinematography and a quite frankly epic score to create one of the most bone-chilling atmospheres I have ever experienced watching a TV show (the shot of the plant worker turning to camera after looking into the flaming core made my blood run cold) and the incredible set and costume design and gruesome, skin crawling effects only enhancing this atmosphere.<br/><br/>The gripping plot will suck you in and will not surrender you, to the point where you question how this can be based on true events. It really is a masterpiece of television that will have you on the edge of your seat for the full 330 minute run time- it is quite truly sensational. If you don't enjoy this stunning piece of media, you are delusional and I shall send you to the infirmary. One of the best series I've seen. Big boost after the let down by Game of Thrones season8. Brilliant and thrilling way to tell a story.
Well done! I'm holding my breath after read each of the brave users who come here to tell their stories about chernobyl . Please read each one since gives you a better scope of what really happend and how accurated this masterpiece is . Chernobyl (the HBO series) -
Writing - excellent
Acting - excellent
Truth - running around 70% as far as I can tell from my new obsession with documentaries on the accident. Don't get me wrong, that's an exceptionally high rating for a TV series on any subject.<br/><br/>The problem comes from having to explain the workings of a nuclear reactor and effects of radiation to an audience that cannot be expected to know the most basic information.<br/><br/>The writers took an approach that normally sets my teeth on edge and simplified stuff to the point of fiction. In this series, I have to say it was the right call. They created main characters that helped them tell the story, whether those characters had a passing acquaintance with actual people involved in the incident or not. It made the series gripping, but left them open to some criticism from that angle.<br/><br/>If you see this series (and really you should! For no other reason than it's a damn good show), you'll come away with an itch to know more about what happened. That's part of the point. And that they nailed perfectly.<br/><br/>Quick quibble: If the message you're trying to send is that lies can have catastrophic consequences (particularly at the governmental level - cough, cough), you have an extra high bar to clear when it comes to getting things right. But this ain't a documentary, folks. And they got quite close.<br/><br/>Overall, excellent series. Despite the grim subject matter, may actually watch it again. The best ever. Actors are awesome. It's a true story. The script was written by a professional writer ....it felt like watching a very good documentary. Extremely well-made but, at the same time, extremely disturbing. Should be watched by all. It's the first show with silent-scenes that won't bother me. The fact that they created a character to represent all the scientists who helped Legasov it's amazing. This show is one the best. From the acting to the music, this was as good as it gets! This is true horror. and true horror is man! If we ignore the thing we do wrong, we will not be around for much longer.
If we do not learn from our mistakes, they will come
around and destroy us. Superb series, very enlightening! Holds your interest from start to finish, once you start watching it's hard to stop. Maybe it should be required viewing, especially in schools! Fantastically told with amazing cinematography that just sends chills through the body and draws you in to the characters fight between USSR socialism and the reality unfolding in front of them. I've heard lots about this series but thought it's not really my thing.<br/><br/>Finally after a night out a few mates said, you have to watch it. So I downloaded all episodes on demand for a rainy day. Nothing was on TV this weekend so I thought, let's give it a go. From the first minute I was gripped. I've watched all the episodes in 2 nights!<br/><br/>It's intense and compelling. I was 6 when the disaster happened and while I remember it, I didn't really. This as far as I can tell is accurate which is really upsetting. I can't praise this enough, it was a total surprise.<br/><br/>Probably the best thing I've watched on TV for 10 years it really is.<br/><br/>I truly brilliant and moving series. It was as if it was really taken in 1986. The locations are exceptional, the acting is spectacular. Facts, lies, mistakes, hidden and irreversible destruction. In the meantime, ordinary people who become heroes and 3 people who become legendary. The political closure of the period and the lies that are returning in the efforts of political usefulness. People who were sacrificed. More unknown than known. The series is a masterpiece. You experience every feeling while watching. Especially Legasov and Borris are changing the course of history. I love it. Unimaginable happened and very few knew about it, I had a lil knowledge about the nuclear mishap in Russia, but these series been an eye opener. I was glued to screen wondering about the situation and lost happened due such a disaster. I don't usually review anything on IMDB cause it is time consuming and doesn't matter. But this time I'm doing it just to let everyone who is reading this to know that please watch it and rate it 10 out of 10. You will be doing a favor to the show and the audience worldwide. let keep this on the top of the board for all time like Godfather. of! Speaking of godfather, Boris here is the 2nd Godfather I've seen on screen. cheers. peace. This mini series explains exactly piece by piece , what happened that year 1986 , in Chernobyl industry. The acting is fantastic , and none of the episodes are boring.
You should watch this , everyone should. Having never really known what happened at Chernobyl, I feel like this show has taught me a lot and reminded me just how arrogant and dangerous people can be if they don't believe they are at fault for such massive problems that can affect many people and the environment around them. A truly haunting story told beautifully, casting is spectacular and acting is brilliant. Many of the reviews on here are from Ukraine/Belarus/Russian natives. What make this TV so compelling is that it's they who think the producers got it so right with every little detail. We all know the story and the outcome, what counts is the authenticity with how it is told. The endorsement of every one of those natives should tell you that you are watching an exceptional piece of TV. Listen, not every critically acclaimed film or show needs to bore you to death or make you put up with Creator's pretentious nonsense.<br/><br/>If you're like me and don't have time to play around and want to watch something that is the best representation of the golden age of television than stop wasting time browsing what to watch and jump on this.<br/><br/>You're welcome. I read about Chernobyl Disaster in 2015 when i was 14 years and it was really scary to read. And i kept waiting that if any show or documentary would be made. And through this only i came to know that the clothes of fire-fighters are still in high radiation.
Hats off to the team. The actors were. incredible, especially the ones who played Legasov and Schcherbina. Some things were brutal yet incredible like the killing of dogs. It was horrifying to watch.
And the Court Trial in the Season Finale was literally the best thing. I listened to each and every word so carefully.
Great Job. Quality film, great attention to detail, complete authenticity and the absence of obvious blunders. The atmosphere of the late USSR is very believable. The film is not replete with rabid anti-Soviet propaganda, it is presented very subtly and appropriately.
A small bust with the contrast of human stupidity of the administrative apparatus of all levels against the background of heroism, dedication and competence of ordinary people in the beginning, of course, caused doubts, but it successfully fit into the overall plot and became the basis for the dramatization of developing events.
The film clearly conveys to the viewer why the Soviet Union should have sunk into oblivion and why the people of this country deserve more than being part of the decaying system of nomenklatura. In this regard, the task that was put before the authors was accomplished with a bang. One of the best series I have watched so far. The technical explanation was fantastically choreographed. All the characters were very well written. Even a character with less screen time creates an impact. Overall a must watch miniseries. I usually just rate stuff and don't really type up a review, but OMG, this has got to be the most shocking, heartbreaking, emotional and simply fantastic show I have ever seen. Mostly becasue it is real. This actually happened. There are some scenes where you literally want to tear your eyes away from the screen, because its almost too painful to think about let alone watch. The acting is jsut superb!!<br/><br/>Some people have made stupid comments like Breaking Bad was better. Seriously?? I loved Breaking Bad and yes rated it as one of the best shows ever. But the difference here is this is not fiction. It happened. It is one of - if not the worst - human disaster ever known to this day. The fact that they not only tried to cover it up, hush it up and then almost claim they did nothing wrong... all because they wanted to save money and still no one is willing to take the blame or own up to the responsibility.... Absolutely one of the best shows ever. Seriously one of the best shows you can watch this year. Going by the reviews on here made by posters from the former Soviet Union the recreation of the 1980s Soviet Union in 'Chernobyl' appears to be of a very high standard and therefore completely evocative to those reviewers. Acting was understated but almost completely very good.And as someone who has read quite widely around the Chernobyl disaster the whole production seemed very accurate.<br/><br/>I coud only identify one flaw in the production and as many others have pointed out this was in the inclusion of the fictitious female character in the interest of PC. One day there's a good chance that people will look back to productions from the 2000s/2010s and comment on the "typically early 21st century virtue signalling" of so many of them. No one minds the fact that the character was female but what is annoying is the fact that this one character has to be omniscient, saintly and ubiquitous.<br/><br/>However that being said the film is so well realised as a whole that I am still reluctant to deduct even a point for that one criticism.If only more productions were this good. I feel chernobyl is one of the best ever made.. it's gripping...the acting is perfect by the top three characters..it gives a fierce competition of being the favourite of all times like breaking bad and game of thrones If you are from other fields than also you can understand nuclear science type knowledge..
Work so much to make it easier understand complex operations. What a great miniseries from HBO! Great research and information. Beautiful storytelling!!<br/><br/>It is so hard to portray the biggest man made disaster in the history of mankind. It is sometime so hard to see what went on during this disaster.<br/><br/>The acting is spot on. Facts accurate and brilliantly presented. The last episode couldn't be any better describing what actually happened in the control room and why the accident happen.<br/><br/>It broke my heart to see so many lies in the wake of a disaster instead of stepping up and accepting the facts and finding a solution. Hats off to all the unsung heroes to worked tirelessly and fearlessly to save may be millions of lives while sacrificing their own.<br/><br/>A must see but beware....it is not for the faint hearted. I was not much aware of the story of Chernoby. That's why i was not sure the severe effect of it. But now i know what Uranium can do. Every character of series has given Their best effort to make it successful. All the sceneries and people looked real as Soviet. Thanks HBO for making it real. ...and we were told to stay indoors during recess, with windows shut. I still remember yucky taste of iodine (liquid, tablets run out). I was 16, my brother 24, studying physics. He was the one with the access to Geiger sensor, at University. I remember elderly villager grambling that she had to pour the fresh milk on the ground, convinced that since her cows are healthy and well cared for, her milk should be fine!
We were NOT informed about the extent of risks. But we were also not ignorant about radiation. After all we had all exercised drills for events like "western attacks or sabotage". We were told to beware of "the west".
The following weeks, there were a lot of people showing at medical centers with dark, small "patches" on their exposed skin. They were told that it was a reaction to cheap "perfume" ingredience. People were loudly frustrated by official propaganda. They were grumbling at the ethnic dishonesty of Moscow toward its western holdings. Radio "free Europe" broadcasted from Vienna did more for breaking the eastern block then missiles.<br/><br/>To this day I did not know that it could have been even worse. I want to thank the heroes who prevented that.
I want to sincerely thank HBO, director, editor, producers, brilliant music composer (!) for a sheer authenticity of this show. It brought so many memories, while staying relevant for my American family.
Oh, and don't bother with accents. I decided to watch Chernobyl months before its release after watching the trailer. After watching the first episode, I recommended it to many people. I didn't think this will be such a hit. The reason for the full rating is nothing is gone wrong in Chernobyl. The series is a masterpiece. Performance wise, technical wise and story wise, Chernobyl hasn't gone wrong anywhere. This is once in a decade experience. The series also requires applause for giving scientific facts without difficulties and simple. Chernobyl is the best TV series I have ever seen and I don't think I will see anything like it ever again. This show is simply brilliant. Very few shows give me a satisfactory ending and makes me want to rewatch it again. But this one just blew me away. The acting, production, cinematography, tight screenplay, music, directing was excellent. This show had more horrors than most of the horror movies. Credits to the director and especially the cast and crew for making this one of the best shows there is. This portrayal of the Chernobyl disaster is remarkable and wildly intense.<br/><br/>Much of this is actually due to the canny use of genre filmmaking. The first episode is entirely designed after a horror movie, with men's fleshed seared by radiation, children playing amidst nuclear ash, and flashlights flickering and going out, all while men in charge deny there's a problem and let it all unfold. The cinematography is harsh, the sound design, with insistent clicking of Geiger counters and the soundtrack's eerie not-quite-music, is amazing (it's hard to imagine the series not winning a ton of sound awards), and the pacing and the editing capture every moment in agonizing detail.<br/><br/>Yet these horror conventions don't cheapen the movie but rather heighten it; you never forget these are real events; that's what makes it so much more than horror.<br/><br/>The series uses disaster and mystery conventions with the same sureness, resulting in a riveting story that feels like watching a traffic accident in slow motion.<br/><br/>There have been arguments about the series' historical accuracy. Some people say it vastly exaggerates the number of deaths, although various groups have come up with wildly disparate numbers so you can point at different studies to make different claims. It is true that the series sometimes creates a false impression; apparently about a fifth of first responders died pretty quickly but in the series one feels like they're *all* dying. So certainly some exaggeration.<br/><br/>Still, the series is amazing, and its portrayal of a government more concerned with its reputation than with truth or safety is a frightening warning to everyone (especially in 2019, when science and truth are under siege from our president and his toadies). Sometime's through the rabble of sub par movies and shows, you get those rare ones with a more realistic and heavy tone (whether fact or fictional) for instance the The Road taken from fiction but set in a realistic post apocalyptic scenario that sets the darkest and grimmest of settings I've probably seen. Or the few war films taken from real life events (Zero Dark Thirty, Hurt Locker, American Sniper) and of course the beautifully shot, The Revenant. Here we have another realistic gem that has the ability to make the viewer feel emotion whilst watching, as the Chernobyl disaster and it's perhaps less known facts are told.<br/><br/>The series is only 5 episodes, 1 hour each, but each episode and certain scenes; the camera angles and close ups of actors and the emotions they're expressing, or things shown (nuclear ash landing on the faces of smiling onlookers whilst the viewers already know their fate). The ambient score that plays throughout, the faithful setting of 80s Pripyat, it's all crafted in a way that wants to do nothing but be honest and realistic about the disaster. And to highlight how truly horrifying it was and is to be involved in the grasp of a nuclear meltdown. The series does such a fantastic job that even something as mundane as seeing thousands of people evacuated and displaced from their homes; where they'll not return manages to hold a certain weight to it. I'm a bit of a veteran when it comes to horror movies or anything emotionally shocking, yet at times during the course of the episodes, certain scenes made me feel surprised by what I'd seen. Others on the edge of my seat; often the ones involving the very unsettling clicks of a dosimeter (radiation counter). And often times sad like the very graphic depictions of the effects of nuclear ionized radiation on the body, and episode involving liquidators and animals.<br/><br/>The ending is also satisfying to watch and wraps the series up without leaving the viewer disappointed. The acting is fantastic with one or two recognizable faces, I was a bit confused as to why most of the actors are English or English speaking (I'm English but you'd think surely they should be Belarusian/Ukrainian and with Russian accents at least.) The film does remain faithful to the Soviet era and setting though, the dialog used, and at times Russian text/dialog over tannoys and speakers etc, so it quickly feels natural. How historically accurate is it? From what I can gather, quite accurate, the actors even look strikingly like who they portray.<br/><br/>Overall a fantastic mini series and one that you won't forget in a hurry, I'd put it in the realms of Generation War (a mini series with a realistic take on WWII from normal Germans perspective, albeit Chernobyl is a lot more somber and brooding). If you are easily emotionally effected, you might want to pause this at times. But it's not one to miss either. Everything in the series looks exactly like it did in 1980s. I was even pausing the show often, looking for flaws and didn't find any, except for one minor oddity ( an older schoolkid wearing a backpack that was usually carried by younger students) .
I'm Ukrainian and I was 9 when this happened. My aunt who lived in Kiev got cancer a few years after the event. Nobody told us nothing. We played outside all day long. Now me and my mother we have thyroid problems. No cancer as of yet, but.. Thank you for 3rd-party-made film about the bad stuff happened in Russia, because Russians cannot speak about it freely for you-know-what reasons. Very high quality, and the best Western representation of Russian culture. Haven't noticed any cultural adjustment, which is insanely rare. Please, don't stop on these TV series, and keep going! Everything was just perfect, and this miniseries scared me more than any horror movie. the acting was superb, and i spent all five episodes either scared out of my wits, or crying.<br/><br/>we must never forget. Scarier than the scariest movie you have ever seen because it's what happened<br/><br/>The music, the acting and how tense and heavy the situation is will make you feel everything You don't need to read review . Just see it with your own eyes! The most brillant series I have ever watched. It was not only brillant but made me think long after watching. BRILLANT Acting is great, cinematography is excellent and an excellent story! but the sound effects of the geiger made me crazy! it's claustrophobic and terrifying! I think this is the e best short tv series that i ever watched, it's a brilliant masterpiece, scenes are mind blowing. Director deserves a Oscar for this, as much as all actors ,how amazingly tehy all put these puzzle together in brilliant way, and explained to us in very interesting and realistic way and saddest thing about it is tha is actually happened. 👏🏅 In every sense of the word "classic". The acting, the dialogues that can be quoted endlessly. The emotion and sorrow of men, their courage and pain. The people who fought for our safety and willingly sacrificed their life's finally have been shown to a broader audience, not just people who were interested in the disaster prior. It is so well written and so well directed that even tho it's incredibly difficult I do get the desire to watch it again. Every generation needs to see this. An absolute must watch. Terrible tragedy, much hyped, subsequently downplayed by both Western and Russian leaders; is given a SPLENDID retelling, albeit with some artistic licenses.<br/><br/>Fantastic acting all-round with Harris, Watson and Skarsgard rightfully receiving plaudits.
Even those with non speaking parts or minute screentime shine; you really believe you're right smack in the middle of one of Europe's greatest disasters.
Sets, costumes and cinematography are absolutely BRILLIANT, the attention to detail is truly breathtaking.
Soundtrack is one of the best I've heard, chilling, haunting and amps up every single scene.<br/><br/>There may be people arguing about a few inaccuracies, but if that were the case, most war films should be labeled science fiction.<br/><br/>Some of the best television from the past 10 years. After reading the overwhelming amount of positive reviews I had to give this miniseries a shot & god damn am I glad I did. This miniseries will go down as one of the best shows in television history and for good reason, the casting was great and the overall creepy/dreadful atmosphere kept me hooked through all 5 episodes. None of the episodes dragged or were boring at all and the tension builds to a grand finale that I think should be viewed by everyone at least once. This series was a tragic lesson in human error that could have easily been prevented due to the Comrade engineers self-ego & arrogance. 10/10 hope HBO does more miniseries in the future because this was a classic. Stop called this "Propaganda" if your brain isn't good enough for drama and can't found the real messages from this show. After not the usual run of tests is conducted on reactor 4 of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant. A series of events lead to a disastrous ecplosion. This is the story of those who sacrificed their lives to contain numerous disasters that potentially threaten the 60,000,000 strong population of Belarus and the Ukraine.
I was just blown away by the detail of the events the occurred at Chernobyl in April 1986. This was such a well written mini series it's almost perfection and I was truly horrified by the effects of acute radiation exposure. What it does to the human body is so herrific.
This is the culmination of a dictatorship that oppresses its people into lying by using fear tactics such as communism. It makes me very worried about how countries such as North Korea are conducting their Nuclear science. This was the beginning of the end for the Soviet Union and it shows how the truth must alway be told no matter what the consequences. A truly amazing and educational mini series!! I'd give it a 15 if I could. Magnificent and horrifying reality. I could not stop watching this series. I was so impressed but every single aspect of production. Recommending this to anyone and everyone. To be praised by independent Russian media for its historical veracity, as well as historians from all over the world.
It seems to have been filmed in the original places (because of what you can see in documentaries when they show the area).
The way to portray events so effectively for five chapters.
The extraordinary special effects.
The great performances.
Everything, makes of this miniseries, a completely magnificent production. I'm from Ukraine, and it touches my feelings a lot. Thanks for this masterpiece, 10 out of 10 without a doubt. It's not like other TV shows, it is something else, better. It tells you about the importance of truth and the insignificance of lies. I'm ashamed of the Soviet Union, for the fact that they never admitted their guilt after 33 years... Best tv series ever. I'm a Hong konger ,we are facing lies from our government . This story makes us stronger to face what we are facing and fight what we are fighting Great story telling !! Awesome re-creation. Great acting. Felt like you were at Chernobyl. Loved it !! This is one the best show I have seen so far. So realistically made! Great work. I would recommend this to everyone. Such a great show. Truly the best in TV! I never write reviews but this mini series was horrifyingly inspiring! A must watch. This is truly one of the most gripping and powerful shows I have seen From the script to the acting . Superb
More series like this please HBO Rarely seen something that just keeps you to the edge of your seat like Chernobyl does. It is tense, horrifying and breathtaking. Every episode is a masterpiece in itself. Showing different angles of the disaster, put together perfectly The best tv show OF ALL TIME!
Give an emmy to jared harris for this
Stellan is amazing I would have given this a 10 star rating, but I just had to give a deduction for the second scene revolving around domestic animals. If you have not seen this show yet, the instance I'm talking about is in the 4th episode. If you have seen this show, then you know what I'm talking about. Otherwise, this is one of, if not the, best mini-series ever. The acting, the dialogue the pacing is just perfect. And very informative! If you haven't seen it and are deciding if it's worth your time, let's just say it would not be rated this high if everyone hated it and the story was bad. Take the plunge and watch it. Considering some of the contributors on here, some of whom originate from the Pripyat area, I feel I am not anywhere near qualified enough to comment on the authenticity of this series.<br/><br/>All I will say is the directing, acting, script and production is second to none. I was gripped from the first 10 minutes leading me to watch all 5 episodes in a day.<br/><br/>What a cast, absolutely all of the leads were pitch perfect in their performances. Occasionally the accents were so varied it jarred a bit but it is almost a statement to say, this matter is so serious, who cares that they are not speaking Russian, let alone in a variety of accents.<br/><br/>I have watched HBO's Band of Brothers more times than I can remember, I wish I could say I'll be doing the same for Chernobyl but it is such a bleack, terrifying story, once is enough, but everyone should watch this once. Usually i dont leave a review but for this, i decided that I have to. A must watch! Amazing miniseries, very well done. Incredible attention to detail, could've done with less dog slaughter. Riveting docudrama. The only thing that may be more incredible about this film are poor reviews from a minority of people. If you're looking for an action movie or sex or a love story are whatever grips a millennial these day - don't watch this. I started watching on a Saturday night on my daughter's urging and only stopped because I was falling asleep after three episodes. I got up Sunday morning and immediately watched the last pair to finish up. Awesome. From the start to the end, I was so thrilled and couldnt move from all the excitment and tension.
Just watch it. There are already nay-saying politicians and apologists insisting this is hype. I'm sure it is not perfect, and I also wish they had used Russian actors, but I believe the predominant scientific accuracy. And the actors are splendid in telling the story the writer and director craft for us. It is a terrifying narrative, but also one of heroism as responders and martyrs saved possibly millions of lives, which I never knew, and I'm guessing few of us did in the West. That deeply moving purpose of the series must be honored: it left me in tears. Bottom line: Chernobyl happened; it was worse than we knew; it was nightmarish. Though nuclear energy has mostly been safe, when it's not-due to coverups and lies-we die. I'm betting a lot more people and animals suffered and died because of the political and moral failure of Chernobyl...and more will die...than anyone has admitted to. We know what to do to save ourselves and this planet, but we need the united will to do it, and we must have leaders who tell the truth and act with a moral will to save lives. Having worked in the nuclear business. It was memorizing...I loved it. It is very well made documentary on Chernobyl and it lighted events beautifully. I couldn't hold my tears at the last episode. As a child of the 80s and as someone with a history degree this is perhaps the finest piece of storytelling I have ever seen. Highly recommend as a reminder of the what happens when we ignore the obvious and hide the truth. What can you say, probably once if the best made tv shoes ever. Gripping, dark and real fantastic television! While taking creative liberties it does an amazing job of telling a very real story and educating both the older and younger generation of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant disaster. Perfect. What else could anyone add to that? Best show ever. Very good series, far the best I've seen in terms of production, plot and excellent explanation of what happened!! The whole series of Chernobyl is incredible.This series show's the bitter truth behind the massacre accident and negligence of workers & the government in Chernobyl. The entire season had great suspense which will make you to watch till the last episode. Absolutely amazing show. Kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time. I will definitely be rewatching this several times. One of the best things on TV by far. Incredible acting and such a well told story. I just kept wanting more an more episodes! Every detail still in my mind, thinking all over again about how great people are, in a negative or pozitive way either. I loved this movie series. Never really been moved to write a review of a TV miniseries before, but here's to the first time.<br/><br/>I'm a massive fan of historical dramas and this was simply the best I've ever seen and found me heading to google and internet articles at ever available opportunity. The casting is sublime with moving performances throughout. The detail is as impressive as any massive spend movie. The story telling and the progression of episodes is so well constructed.<br/><br/>Yes, it's one of the best things you'll ever watch. Well written. Great cinematography. Great acting (especially Jared Harris!). The actors were amazingly good. Especially stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd. His act was perfection. Good job hbo This should be core teaching for all children in all schools to understand social-historical human shortcomings and failings.<br/><br/>10/10 I believe it has the best and most logical ending which any show could ever have I am not Russian, much less lived the events of Chernobyl because of my age. I am Chilean, I have experienced natural disasters such as eruptions of volcanoes and earthquakes.
This mini series has managed to match the levels of anxiety and anguish that I have felt in those natural disasters. This mini series, incredible as it sounds, felt almost like a documentary than an HBO drama. Congratulations. As someone that works in the nuclear industry in the UK, we're taught about the effects of criticality incidents and accidents.
Having been born in 1971, I was in secondary school in 1986 when this happened, so already knew a fair bit about it from stuff I'd learned over the years.
I can honestly say that this series has sparked numerous conversations at work and talking with the "experts" this is about as accurate a depiction of the effects on the human body, from radiation, as you're ever likely to see. And to some extent, it's still been "dumbed down" to make it easier viewing...
The 1980's Soviet Union, and their distrust of EVERYONE is scarily portrayed.
Ignore the British, northern accents of the large majority of the actors, and instead, watch one of the most horrific, scary, stories, unfold. And never forget, this is a TRUE story; this REALLY HAPPENED!
It has opened the eyes of some of the trainees we have to the dangers of working with radioactive substances - one of the most dangerous substances known to man.
Enjoy!! Chernobyl<br/><br/>Like so many television productions of late, Chernobyl has big screen presence.
Production values are strong with some excellent visual effects, direction,editing,
cinematography and an accomplished cast.<br/><br/>Every man and his dog knows the events that transpired at Chernobyl in April of 1986 and if you don't then you really should!
This dramatisation presents the events on screen and gives us one of the best mini series of recent memory.
Does this show deserve to be the highest rated on IMDB?
Chernobyl certainly does not have the longevity of some of the other highly rated shows.
Game Of Thrones instantly springing to mind.
What this show does have is impact.
The limited run of five episodes does enough to portray the events of one of the worlds greatest disasters.
Story arcs are wonderfully realised before giving us a satisfying conclusion.
Characters are fleshed out before radiation strips them to the bone.
Jared Harris gives the stand out performance as
Valery Legasov The Inorganic Chemist tasked with trying to investigate and contain the disaster.
There's stellar support from Stellan Skarsgard as Boris Shcherbina a Soviet politician in charge of the clean up operation.
Harris and Skarsgard have a wonderful onscreen chemistry and it is mesmerising to watch their relationship grow as they try and deal with the catastrophic events.
Emily Watson plays Ulana Khomyuk a Nuclear physicist who aids Legasov in his quest to quell the radiation.
Watson's character is actually fictional but helps group together a number of scientists into one character.
Perhaps the scriptwriters found this to be a solution in regards to simplifying the telling of the story.
However I can't help feel that this is a slight disrespect to the actual real individuals who strived to contain the disaster.
That said Watson is very good in her made up role and does contribute much to the dramatisation.
After all this is a drama based on true events.
Actors speak in their own language (English) and in their own accents.
This is a leap the audience must take but yet again it aids the storytelling.
As aforementioned the production of this show is of a very high quality.
The opening episode displays the full magnitude of the disaster.
Visual effects are stunning and sound design puts the audience right in the middle of the action.
Anyone who owns a Home Cinema system is in for a treat.
Surround sound effects are pleasingly effective.
The delicious subwoofer thud of the reactor explosion is witnessed from a far.
From the home of a firefighter who would go and unknowingly give his life to put out the flames.
This is no ordinary fire!
Radiation spreads from the exposed core killing all those in its path without them even realising it.
Subtle sound effects are equally unnerving. The ascending sound of the Geiger counter as it goes off scale is terrifying.
Make up and prosthetics are chillingly realistic.
Cells decay and the gore is blood curdling to behold.<br/><br/>Director Johan Renck has gone with a vintage looking colour palette.
The image has a slight yellowish hue making this production look as though it was indeed made in the 80's or perhaps to give the environment an essence of contamination.
Picture quality is sharp but with some grain helping the show to appear that it is from the VHS era.
CGI is used effectively. Namely scenes of landscapes and the exposed spewing core of the power-station.
A certain helicopter scene is most impressive.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is a truly frightening piece of television.
A real life horror that is so unnerving because it is a manmade disaster that could possibly happen again.
The show strongly depicts that Nuclear power is a force that us humans can never fully control.
It only takes one small glitch and consequences are immeasurable.
This is subtly conveyed by the devices used to measure radiation not even being able to reach the number the fractured core is spewing out.
Small details like this make this show subconsciously chilling.
A scene where wildlife and stray pets are hunted to stop the spread of contamination is yet another frightening fact that before seeing this show never seemed conceivable.
Also the fact that the dead were buried in steel coffins welded shut and then submerged in concrete.<br/><br/>Johan Renck has indeed given us some of the best television created in the last decade or so.
Even if some of the facts have been moulded to fit the dramatisation, I can forgive this as this is a stunningly illustrated piece of television that grips the audience from start to finish.
The best rated show on IMDB? Quite possibly! 'Chernobly' simultaneously intertwined viewers with a gripping storyline while making room for morale messages too. 'Chernobly' is not an action mini-series, it's not a thriller or a horror, it's an informative and brilliantly entertaining depiction of the worst nuclear disaster in human history, not just exploring the deadly radiation released like how a Hollywood blockbuster may, but instead it explores all the avenues of the effects of Chernobly - the political response, the scientific response, the military response, the civilian response and most importantly, the human and environmental cost - It does so like no other TV show before it, maintaining a 100% true to life depiction as well as making it utterly gripping.<br/><br/>Therefore, I'm giving it 10/10 - it's simply perfect.<br/><br/>Side note, Stellan and Jarred are the most amazing duo - MORE PLEASEEE Absolutely brilliant! I would have given it 100 stars rating if i could. Simply superb, very sad and tragical but superb. I don't understand film making techniques but I know a good one. And this show is definitely one. Beautiful cinematography, great actors, amazing storyline and story telling, it's too captivating. This show is a must watch. It actually gives you a feel as if you are present right at the place where the incident occurred, because it is that detailed and accurate. It, at times, made me feel as if I was contaminated with radiation because of how immersive it was. Well-designed serial either in terms of scene or in terms of story. I suggest that you watch this series once in your life. I would give this 20 stars if I could. Simply jaw dropping, horrifying, and REAL!!! The use of sound, cinematography, and characterization works so perfectly to create a tense feeling you are stuck with for the entirety of the show. You begin to feel like you are there, and really understand how people felt when this horrible incident occurred. I won't say much, we know how the story goes, but I won't ruin anything anyway! Just WATCH IT! The whole thing. Put down your phone and learn. Hats off to the writers, directors and actors of this TV series. This has been a real eye opener as to what really happened. I can't rate this enough. What makes this so much more than all the other brilliant TV shows is that you know this is real life and these events really happened. That also makes it the most terrifying. Would definitely recommend this. A must see!! A masterclass in acting. Humidity, honestly and passion. I hung on every word. I believed his word and reason. This may seem like a strange thing to say for a show i've loved watching but Chernobyl is essentially a knife through the heart.<br/><br/>From episode one you are gripped and your heart is broken most modern shows have is screaming at the TV but this is different this is history opting out in front of us and when you realise that you can scream all you want this has already happened and all the people you are watching are going to suffer and yes even die so why continue watching?<br/><br/>it's the spirit of the actors who make these characters amazing and you want them to win you want the truth and justice to win you can see the light and this show is about how a country pushed on and did what it had to do to get through the darkness and it shows us brave men and women who sacrifices there lives for the world Simply amazing. From the story telling, to visual effects and cast. 100% worth a watch. First time I have written a review so that tells you something. Without any doubt the best series I have ever watched on TV in my 47 years. Well done Craig Mazin, HBO and Sky. A fitting tribute to everyone who suffered as a result of the Chernobyl tragedy. True detectives season 3 was a disaster, GOT was a shame, South Park was a betrayal and even VEEP was a let down, that last one was a punch in the gut for me.
Thanks to HBO though, for creating this competent TV series. I watched the series on one breath. Its all true. I was 12 years at the time and remember how it was and how everyone were speaking quite, because of the fear of the state militia. I remember clear how all the school kids were out on the 1st May, to praise the Labor day and the communist ideals. And a quite spring rain was falling down with the atomic dust with it. It is good that this movie was made, so people not forget the genocide with the millions of people all over Europe. Russia must pay for this. I was born in Lithuania in 1989, and of course due to me being so young, I do not remember the Chernobyl accident, or the impact it had on many innocent lives.
As a 13 year old child I watched my father go through cancer treatment, the cancer was most likely caused by the radiation from the Chernobyl plant (cancer was extremely rare in Eastern Europe 15-20 years ago) where he was in the army at the time when the explosion happened. Despite my father getting ill I still saw the world through the eyes of an innocent child...<br/><br/>Now, my honest opinion: the mini series is nothing but perfection in terms of the location/ setting (it is exactly what Eastern European countries looked like back then), the strict policemen, the gas masks, the civilians etc. Having watched Chernobyl I now understand the awful consequences and what people had to go through, and some are still going through. Quite often I felt the pain of the people involved, and it almost felt I was there. Perhaps because to me, the Chernobyl accident is personal in some way, and I am greatfull that I have been given an opportunity as a grown up to know exactly how it all happened. I am of course no chemist or nuclear- physicist and the closest I got to "experiencing" Chernobyl was - at the age of 19- being scared sh!tless of what the wind was bringing from the East into my homecountry of Germany!<br/><br/>This series is a masterpiece of intensity!
It is graphic, horrifying, petrifying and on top of all that: educating!
You shouldn't watch it, when you are depressed, though!
Some of the scenes and dialogues are absolutely devastating!<br/><br/>Also: the acting is brilliant, both by the leads and the many supporting actors.
Chernobyl is one the absolute high- points of TV this year and maybe beyond that!
It is absolutely fantastic! I watched this is cinema with my friends (our campus cinema had weekly screenings of the episodes). After every episode(short film) I had to unclench my teeth and catch my breath, never before has a television series (or movie) drawn me in and traumatised me quite like this. Chernoble is proof that reality can be far worse than any horror story we can make up. I loved the characters and my heart broke for all of them. A truly perfect series. The team did a splendid work in explaining the tragedy , it showed us how the life around the nuclear plant and in the ussr had changes at that time , as it was the first nuclear tragedy in which the core itself exploded the team in the nuclear plant felt soo hard to overcome it. The episodes continous how the scientists and the physists made their effort to decrease the intensity of the the nuclear tragedy . Nothing much to say only thing to say is CHERNOBYL . HBO has done it again, this is even better than Game of Thrones Amazing how this serie prove the stupidity of human kind A beautiful historic short series of beautiful drama and historical facts must be presented and awareness of the nuclear accident One of the best series's I've ever watched
The story is told perfectly
The whole world should watch this I rarely leave reviews. What's needed to be said has been said, this is truly an incredible series that will have an impact beyond most shows. Horrors can be presented as facts.
When I first heard about Chernobyl I was 16 years, I took it in school in chemistry class, and I didn't give that much of a attention which now I partly regret it. Thankfully and fortunately the HBO made this masterpiece to make me spot the light on that tragic accident. And from the first episode, I just was thirsty for more. I couldn't stop thinking about it, imagining myself living in that time is horrific. I'm so glad that the HBO gave me this opportunity to know about this accident in every small detail. It made me understand chemistry more actually. Reading the series reviews from people who lived the accident , and how some events and measures were identical it had me go mind-blowing , how the series has depicted every single detail in dramatic methodologies in order to drag us to every scene.
Intelligent cinematic work. Heart-wrenching. No a dull moment, which I liked the most , it kept me interested the whole time even when I'm not watching. Always wanting for more.
My first review tho , hope I can find some support Im from Ukraine , and i want say thank you for this movie. Thank you for truth 10/10 Watching this mini series will make you believe that you are living it, even if it was hapenned more than a decade ago. But i can assure you that your mood will change after watching it, cause the director of it will make you feel that you are back in 26th of april 198.
Amazing masterpiece. Unbelievable the extent of the lies and cover ups the Russian government told their people! I have finished watching it a couple days ago, and I can't stop thinking about the topic. Authenticity level of the series is beyond belief: I was watching all those British, American, Swedish etc actors speaking English and I was seeing us: Russians, Ukranians, Bielorussians, all Soviet people back then. Their emotions, their reasoning, their pain, it was all so familiar to me and so true. Not speaking about the decorations, costumes, all these incredible smallest details that just brought me back to my childhood. I was born in USSR in 1982 and my soviet childhood in the Urals was all the same as the kids in Pripyat had, except one terrifying difference...In fact, any one of us could have been on their place..
We (Russia, Ukraine, Bielorussia) should have filmed it ourselves, but sadly it seems that at this stag (and it's a shame) we are not able to deal with this topic with the same level of honesty.. Because, sadly again, not much has changed here (I mean Russia at least) since 1986, except for the country name: the people are still heroic, and the system still fails and lies. All in all, this movie (I cant call it a "series") should be seen by every person on Earth, and I'm truly grateful to HBO for their extraordinary effort. Unbelievably good series, can't recommend enough.
Every episode is so good, the acting is so real and the filming is epic.
Stop reading the reviews and go watch it, it's my new favorite show. This is just a long piece of art. The writting, the acting, the directing.....the best I have ever seen I havent watched anything better since Breaking bad and Band of brothers.
I highly recommend this tv show. I only regret it is too short, I would love if this is a little bit longer. HBO did an amazing job. Although thetr are some historical inaccuracies in this show the things they get right even down to the similarities of cast and real life is incredible.<br/><br/>From moments of awe to heart wrenching pain given to the audience is just a perfect example of story telling using historical fact. Brilliant in every way. The artistic style, the characters, the story, everything. I'd watch it all over again in a heartbeat. Great movie. Until that day, I had not seen such a realistic film about the Soviet reality made in the West. In 1986 I was 18 years old and I remember that time very well. Detailing from pens, finishing cars perfectly. The authors overdid it a bit with the frequency of using the word "comrade". This is an official appeal, not used in everyday communication.
I recommend the film for viewing, but I warn you, this is not an entertaining movie. I think in the years to come, this will be considered to be the definitive telling of the disaster that was Chernobyl. One only has to read the many reviews here, from people who lived within the USSR and had personal contact with the disaster. Masterpiece is an over used word but in this case, it is appropriate. Everyone involved, Director, actors, Cinematographers, crew and props department have crafted one of the best dramas there has been for years. Perhaps it's no coincidence that it is an HBO production...Game of Thrones...Band of Brothers...They are the world leaders in definitive. You can almost feel the weight of the stultifying bureaucracy and petty officialdom jockeying for position; all of which strand together to create this monumental disaster. The true consequences of which, we will probably never know. Simply the best drama of our era. Worryingly accurate accounts of the disaster and with near on perfect acting creating a fascinating drama I truly couldn't give this anything other than 10/10. I only hope this is the standard set for television to come. Before watching this, I never knew that much about Chernobyl. Now I came to see it as an epitome for all human kind; our foolishness next to our heroism, our tendency to go blind in favor of our (short term) interests next to our sense of responsibility.<br/><br/>As for the series, they have done a great job. They show us all aspects of Chernobyl... they show us people who gave their lives for others, they show us the lies of the system, arrogance of men, the miracles at work... and how touching it all is.<br/><br/>The series isn't just about the accident and its aftermath. It goes back and forth to show us all the important things, even years after the accident. And that is the proof that the creators know what they're doing. This series is not about Chernobyl, but humanity. The real story of Chernobyl, expertly depicted.
Tears, suspense and despair in every episode. I rarely write reviews but for this show I had to!
The scripts and the acting are fabulous and the way the story is told keeps you hugely engaged even though you already know the ending.
I think it's the best show Sky have been invoked with and I cannot recommend it highly enough! As a teenager interested in science and nuclear energy, one day I came across this accident info and got so interested in it, that I have read almost every article, watched documentaries and was well informed about the incident; today I saw this TV series and hats off to all the people in the production of this show. You guys are amazing, thank you so much for this! Its short, its a very powerful show and tells you a side of Chernobyl incident that you may never have heard of. I had read about Chernobyl before but did not realize the massive amount of politics behind it. This series holds nothing back and shows you so much more of what went on during the incident that many people may not know of. At the same time though it is very realistic and they never stretch the truth at all, in some cases the actual horrors are worse than what is shown in this show. Overall the whole thing is 10/10 for me. This series shows everything that is wrong with humanity and how it all starts with ignorance and lies. All we want is to look good rather than to do good and that's the problem with us. In conclusion Chernobyl shows that the only wrong thing in this world is us humans. Fantastic writing and excellent acting. A great retelling of the infamous nuclear plant, complete with all the shock and awe you never knew happened. This is the best drama I have seen in years. Well acted and very evocative of the era. Every episode has me gripped. Fascinating if alarming story. I watched this miniseries yesterday until yesterday i didn't know much about the disaster but after I watched the show I understood the truth and the truth is scarier than fiction. Not easy to watch but what a masterpiece of work. I remember Chernobyl happening, I thought why watch this show, boy am I glad I did, this production shows how tell a difficult story and explain complex technical and personal matters in a clear and concise way. This series raises the understanding of people that took place in Chernobyl in 1986.
The authors of the film managed to preserve the atmosphere of the USSR, and were able to tell what was happening then at the present time.
On Saturday I was Pripyat, I can reliably tell you what is shown in the film is almost the same in life.
But the tragedy was 33 years old, annihilate almost everything ... A TV series that even when life gave you 30 years spoilers, you still get tense in the unfolding of the story ... I am from Gomel, Belarus. I was about 12 years old when this happened. My mother was working in the clinic. After it became known about the Chernobyl disaster, she gave me iodine tablets. Thanks HBO for these Mini-Series because people who gave their lives and health should not be forgotten. About 70% of the radioactive fallout from the Chernobyl disaster landed in Belarus, heavily contaminating one-fourth of the country, one-fifth of its agricultural land and affecting at least 7 million people. More than 2,000 towns and villages were evacuated, and about a half-million people have been relocated since 1986, according to Chernobyl International, a humanitarian organization with links to the United Nations. I'm not even Ukrainian and didn't know about the real story of Chernobyl catastrophe before watching that Tv series. I just heard that that an explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant happened in 1986 and nothing else, but that incredible TV series made me feel like I'm one of those who suffered from the Chernobyl catastrophe. It's story perfectly written and very detailed in a way while watching it, I felt it is the real life of Chernobyl not a TV series. I'm not so emotional but that TV series impacted my feelings, I felt the pain of people who sacrificed from the disaster, lost their families and forced to leave their homes. It is the real life of Pripyat city in 1986 converted to a TV series and that makes it to be the best TV series ever and I suggest everyone to watch it ! Most powerful thing I've ever seen. Definitely the best show HBO has ever produced. THANK YOU !!!
Thanks for getting us know who were our real heroes 🙏 Rest in peace all of you who saved us. I have long been fascinated with chernobyl and the accident, because it is horrifying, spooky and intriguing. This show is a dramatisation of the events, it is telling a story about lies, deception, and also heroism. If you are interested in the broad details of the chernobyl accident, this show works great as a semi-documentary (just because of how well made the show is) and as a great thriller series. Just keep in mind that this is entertainment first of all, it is dramatisation. There are fictional events in the show, it is not an exact re-telling of the accident & the events that followed as best we know, but it is close.<br/><br/>
I knew a lot about chernobyl coming in, and it is hard to describe but this show just hits you in a way. This is one of the best shows I can think of recently. It is only five episodes long, but is well worth watching. If you dont know anything about chernobyl- watch it. If you know everything about chernobyl- watch it anyway! I cannot recommend this series highly enough! Throughout the five episodes not a second is wasted. The script, the acting, characters photography and music combine to make the most atmospheric and immersive tv series I have ever seen. Each episode stays with you long after watching.<br/><br/>It also has one of the best finales ever, which maintains the superb script and acting, so many other show and film finales descend into overblown effects and music, not here - it is subtle and perfectly balanced until the end. Just watch it. Scary to watch mankind's neglection to danger or civilians safety to gain promotion or to save money. Completely blown away by this. So horrible, so realistic, so fine - so important. Eternal memory. Being old enough to remember this event and being geographically scaringly close is most likely adding a dimension to this. Despite that, this is beutiful, brutal, scary, and utmost stunningly created and performed.
Not suitable for children, not even in company om an adult. This series, encompasses a number of amazing characteristics. From it's excellent directing and cinematography, it's unique recreations with a personal touch, and simply a mesmerising story that is purely hard to believe; this series is truly deserving of it's ratings. Although it may be argued that the use of British accents can make it hard to believe that we are fully immersed into the Ukrainian world, the amazing performances make up for any of those flaws. A very suspenseful series, hard to watch and surely not for the faint-hearted, but certainly not a series to ever be missed by anyone. What a thousand news items couldn't, this series did in 5 mind blowing episodes. Amazing storytelling and acting, a must see! Speechless. Well writting and factual correct!
My only complaint is that my future tuesdays ser getting less exciting. I was born in 1977 in Czechoslovakia. I remember, that we have lost many fruits and plants after the event. Walnuts were red inside...
Perfectly done, rather I would say: Perfectly documented!
Thank You for this genius work.
We will never forget this catastrophe.
My condolences for all the heroes, big shame on Communism! I've always been morbidly curious about the Chernobyl incident and it's aftermath. This mini-series met and exceeded my expectations and is probably the best thing I've seen on TV.. ever. The writing, cinematography, acting, VFX, pacing.. everything is just perfect and I can't wait to watch it again! This series is and has been a complete masterpiece. One of the most harrowing and preventable disasters to ever occur. All covered up by lies and deceit until the truth finally comes out. I would score this higher than 10 if i could. Brilliantly written, scripted an acted out. Awards for this will be plentiful Even elements one could argue as imperfections are still wonderfully crafted. The level of historical detail is unparalleled, the performances are captivating, the scriptwriting and directing are sensational given where the talent had come from. Most of all is the message it leaves us for our current climate, the cost of lies. This is hands down the greatest TV series I've ever seen. Gritty, filled with suspense, a gripping soundtrack and beautifully shot. The cast of actors are all on top of their game and never let their profession slip. Episode 1 & 2 will remain long in the memory as how a series should be put together and the closing scene in episode 5 was just..... just perfect for the series. The darker side of the attempted cover up by those involved and the state showed the worst in humanity and was told with perfection. Just congratulations again to the actors, production team and everyone involved for the most amazing, harrowing, real life event ever bought to the screen. You probably have already come across this line from the title.
You should watch this HBO TV show to understand the complexity of Chernobyl nuclear reactor no. 4 disaster which was the outcome of not only a number of bad decisions made shortly before the tragedy but the result of living in fear in a totalitarian system where one lie covers another lie and where achiving any goal is more important than safety and human life (by the way - this was one of nuclear disasters in the USSR - e.g. in 1957 there was Kyshtym disaster which involved radioactive contamination).
The shots in the show are amazing - trully bringing back the memories of 1980s behind the curtain wall life with every little detail from buildings, vehicles to furniture and all accessories along with the emphasis on the sound effects that makes you feel that gruesome and helpless situation.
I really recommend watching this TV show - if you will not like it - well it's only 5 episodes. But I'm sure you will not regret it (not like watching the last season of Game of Thrones). One of the most brilliant and chilling pieces of TV I have ever seen. If I could I'd give this show 20 stars. This has been a revelation when it comes to storytelling and acting. Just amazing Easiest review ever quite simply the best drama tv I've ever seen utter perfection. A 10 out of 10 masterpiece. I'm not the sort of person to sit and watch a TV series but this had me enthralled from the very first episode. Very well made, great acting and a must see without question, most definetly deserves its high rating, in my opinion however should be higher....... Indescribable heartbreak. Amazing quality. Heroic scientists against secretive state politics and corrupt managers to protect humanity against such a massive accident from happening again. It deserves a score that no Geiger counter can measure. Truly incredible. I can't say enough about it. The best thing HBO, or any station for that matter, has ever aired. This is hands down the best of the best. Historically accurate, extremely moving, all in all a tremendous experience. We will be recommending it! Thrilling, gripping. Full cast are sensational. I've just finished episode 5 and I sat silent t for 15 minutes. The acting was phenomenal and the directing and overall delivery was excellent in all aspects. HBO knocked it out of the park with this one. Excellent, unforgottable film with amazing actors/actress If you are someone who instantly turns down what your eccentric science teacher suggests you to watch, you are the most welcoming person reading here! I was totally turned down when I found the name of the series itself depicts something from my text book. But be sure, this 5 episodes were way more thrilling than any of the thrillers that my movie devouring brain has experienced. I believe never a drama series could cover such an extent of authenticity without poisoning it into documentary stereotype! When i watched the trailer for this Mini series, i knew i will love it, because i still remember the Call of Duty mission of "All Ghillied Up" and i was hooked. Chernobyl is a masterpiece for me after watching the show now i know much about nuclear power and how stuff works. Just watch the freaking show... Just scrolling down to check who gave 9 or below stars. An Eternal Memory : That's what Google told me when I searched what does the title of final episode (Vichnaya Pamyat) means; and indeed this show will be an eternal memory.<br/><br/>The incident in itself is certainly unforgettable but this series, with its gripping screenplay, the grim atmosphere, the shocking string of events, the menacing background score and the impeccable acting, stays true to the indelible impact that the actual catastrophe created. It would be an injustice to compare the episodes of such a short series among themselves, but episode numbers 4 and 5 stood out. To realize that most (if not all) of the events shown *actually* played out is plain frightening.<br/><br/>Lastly, I followed and watched this series just after the disappointing and hurried ending to another series touted as the best-ever: Game of Thrones; and I'm very, very happy to experience the cinematic brilliance and emotional turmoil that GoT deprived us of.<br/><br/>Thank you creators and everyone involved in making this tragic yet beautiful show! I searched almost everything about chernobyl before watching the show yet it explains so much more. Really interesting and a great ending. Amazing! The phenomenon that is Chernobyl was one of the most horrifying events in mankind's history. A declared undestructable construction explodes on April 26, 1986, and the consequences that followed impacted all of humanity. Now, as a Tv-show in 5 pieces, the memories of Chernobyl are refreshed, to remind people of the devastating distaster that occurred.<br/><br/>The greatness and magnitude of "Chernobyl" can be forever discussed. It is not only the fact that it covers a very dark part in the human history very accurately that makes it an exceptional show, but the fact that it is so well made. Every frame, every inch, every moment, is designed to perfection. There is not one segment that is not incredibly well thought through. The results prove that. Though as any good Tv-show, it needs to deliver interesting and entertaining characters. Chernobyl gives just that. Every character, even the evil ones, are a joy to watch in every frame, all portrayed exceptionally by the cast (Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd being my personal favourite performance). All the personifications of the real people who worked at Chernobyl appear eminently realistic, and there is not one misstep in their writing. Every bit of the ensemble works together as an orchestra, performing a master work.<br/><br/>While being an extraordinary series, "Chernobyl" also teaches us about the values of freedom of speech. The former Soviet Union is rightfully depicted as treacherous, as history has proven. The very essence that the disaster took place in a country suffering from censorship, might have enhanced the devastating effects caused by the explosion - and even more so, had the team working after catastrophe not shown such bravery. It can also be said that had free speech been respected previously, the event may have never happened. Nevertheless, Chernobyl became a breaking point in the former Soviet Union and Russia towards acceptance of free speech, and this series has further emphasised that.<br/><br/>Whilst talking about the impact of "Chernobyl", it is to be said that long has there been since an ending has proven to be that effective in that area. After the final words are spoken (the same exact words that are first said in the entire series), succeeding a marvellous final episode, a brief memoar is shown of the real life characters of Chernobyl. It is both touching and poignant, though also fascinating to finally understand the realism of this series - to understand that this is not fiction. Those roles who appeared on screen were real. The events were real. The consequences were real.<br/><br/>Simultaneously as Valery Legasov speaks the final words, you know beforehand what he is going to say, you know now what the meaning behind them are. You speak it with him: "What is the cost of lies?" Amazing story telling, amazing play be there actors.<br/><br/>Thank you to all the people who gave their lifes for us to be here I've personally been very curious about the Chernobyl disaster for years now, and I've watched alot of documentaries about the incident.<br/><br/>I must say, this miniseries blew me away! The events as you hear about them in the documentaries is really well potrayed! It is both horrifying and sad, but also satisfying to see how Valery Legasov struggled to find the truth about the accident, and the consequences it had for him.<br/><br/>The scenery and characters felt really authentic!<br/><br/>This is a MUST SEE, if you have just a slight interest in the Chernobyl accident, or the USSR's grib around their people. I'm just up to episode 4 and my verdict is.. Absolutely brilliant how they got all the clothes and vehicles is amazing. I thoroughly recommend this series. My only gripe is they should have stretched it to 20 episodes and I would have been glued to every one. If this is put up at the Oscars no one else has got a chance.. Outstanding.. This series, excellently demonstrates the reality of this world. No Government takes the responsibility of man-made disaster by any Government controlled Industries. The upper most layer of the Economy Chain have control over everything (i.e Gov,Army,even intelligence agency KGB). The person who reveals the truth will be isolated or killed. Series has showed the ground level reality of politics & power. Without any doubts,it is the best DOCUMENTARY on MAN MADE DISASTER so far.<br/><br/>I would say it is a must watch for every human being Not much to say, other than: fantastic television all round.
Excellent performances, gripping story (obviously the fact it's a true story helps with that), well told.
5 episodes that leave you wanting to know even more.<br/><br/>Will definitely re-watch from the start while it's still available to stream Never in my life have I been this shaken, disturbed and utterly consumed by a series. I would have considered the first season of True Detective to be the best singular season of television. But then this masterpiece was constructed. A story we never had shown on a visual platform represented by an incredible cast. The men and women in this series have surpassed my expectations for any actors. The story wrapped me into a harsh reality and a fear I had never known before. There is nothing quite like this show. This show is the single most significant event in TV history about Chernobyl period and after the nuclear scares from a student's TV show in 1991 that caused mass hysteria in Bulgaria and Europe the second most realistic depiction of a nuclear power plant disaster Upon completion of watching Chernobyl one must feel affected. This is likely, after war, the greatest disaster mankind has brought upon humanity. The common thread seems to be mankind's penchant for hubris and greed and how we can exponentially meld these to horrific crescendos. Chernobyl pulls no Hollywood bombast as it is like a documentary presented in drama much like a fly on the wall witness. It's moving and impressive in presenting a real world disaster in a very human way. I give all the production fo this series my highest praise. It is brave to show human faults so realistically and in context. To do so while providing a measure of entertainment is almost impossible, but Chernobyl does just that. You'll be horrified and in awe of the sacrifices so many gave to avert a looming even greater disaster. That sacrifice is almost palpable culminating often in hard to watch scenes of deadly consequences. I come away gobsmacked as our Brit brothers and sisters say. Fear what you can't see and fear men whose hubris, ego, and power exceed their moral compasses. Some say we all possess this capacity as we are all too human. Being human also means the capacity for good and to learn not to repeat the mistakes of the past. I think Chernobyl surely sends this message and not just for the atom... As usual, it seemed there was nothing worthwhile on tv. I remember scrolling through my tv list, eventually coming across this listing called "Chernobyl". I thought "Nah. It can't be anything about THAT!".
I tuned in just a few minutes into the first episode. I was instantly hooked. I went into the 'on demand' later that night and watched it again. In the weeks that followed, I anxiously awaited that week's episode. I was never disappointed.
Great performances, well-paced & accurate storytelling, great sets, and a sense you've just watched a show deserving of numerous awards.
Undoubtedly, a 10/ 10. What more can be said about this series that already hasn't been said, so I will focus on the story and not the visuals as it has already been made very clear that this series spares no budget on the visual representation of Chernobyl. The balance of fact and fiction is unparalleled in such a small series. The final episode just sums everything up into one neat and essentially cruel package for the viewer. The utter realism and down to earth brutality is what gives this series the title of this review for me. You should not ever cloud a disaster like this in 'made for TV' story telling to sell it to audiences. Instead the writers just simply told the story as is and substituted the multiple scientists that worked with the protagonist (Valery) into one simple character with the same ideology (Ulana) to help the viewer keep up with the story and reduce irrelevant screen time in such a short series. I love this series not just because of the amazing visuals and amazing attention to detail of the city it's self, but just simply for the characters and the arc they go through, from being a stern believer in the communistic views of the Soviet Union (Boris) to seeing the truth behind the lies deep within. It's utterly brilliant and real and you truly connect with all 3 of the main characters because of this character representation. This sits with the best series ever made period. Utter perfection, thank you for this portrayal HBO and backing the writers and not clouding a brilliant series in silly bigotry. Simply that, outstanding.
The acting is incredible, you almsot think you are seeing real footage and not a series.
Insanely realistic, so much so that at times it's really gut-wrenching.<br/><br/>Deserves a 10/10 no doubt I was gripped by Chernobyl from the first seconds of watching. Not since seeing a documentary called 'Threads' as a youngster have I felt so cold and chilled.
Chernobyl is all the more horrifying due to the fact the tragedy occurred and it doesn't try to shock, it has no need to as the facts are scary beyond our wildest visions.<br/><br/>Everything about Chernobyl seems accurate down to the smallest detail and it's clear that events surrounding this horrific tragedy have been researched extremely well.<br/><br/>I've yet to watch the final episode but I already want to go and find out more about the history of Chernobyl and the nation it affected (and continues to affect).
The series is one which will certainly leave its mark on you for a very, very long time. Extremely heavy but also very good. Acting is superb, cinematography has been executed very well and the story itself is emotional, difficult to watch at times but so interesting you won't be able to stop watching until you finish it. 11/10 I lived near this place. I was born in 1982 and when it happens we was about 100 km from this place. It is very close to true. thanx to autor and actors I will not write a long review, as one is not needed. All I will say is as followed:<br/><br/>This miniseries is correct to within the 95th percentile, if not more. It is not a dramatized retelling of events. It is not embellished in any way. It is exactly as documented, down to the correct names/actions taken and documented within.<br/><br/>It is a story that needed to be told. And told superbly well, it has been here. This is TV done right.
Every aspect of this series is done perfectly. You can truly feel the horror. You feel sympathetic, sad, and angry at times.
It's a masterpiece. Very impressed, and i've been recommending it to everyone. I was haunted by episode 3.
More shows like this please. I have always been so intrigued by Chernobyl and this series has not disappointed me it's made be want to know more! I have loved it so much great work! Thank you It's best mini series ever, based on reality, music is amazing, characters really look like real people in the strory I started watching this series once I heard from all,with a note to know what's new in it. Once I started with very first episode am into it. You will be into it. U started living in Kiev and you will feel Chernobyl is near to you. Every detailing, every incident and depth in understanding what's the incident is about is a true masterclass work from the crew. When you hear the dosimeter sound your heart will pumps as if you are there. That's the success of this series. Every single element value added the show, if you want to understand true story telling I recommend this series. Your will revisit your history pages once after watching this series and you crave for your favourite history to be directed in such a way this series was directed. Hats off to the crew and directors and each and everyone. Chernobyl will reach your cell at the rate of 12000 Roentgen/hour. Great show Great series. Having watched 4 episodes of Chernobyl I simply HAD to leave a review to encourage others to watch television perfection. Once in a blue moon all the aspects of television production come together to produce a show like Chernobyl. Gripping, riveting, emotional, horrorfying all in equal measure. The writing, the incredible sound design and score, acting, direction, FX all perfect. Must see television. This series is an amazing , i can't wait for next week to see the next episode :] The only movie i watch again and again... and the emotional hit still remains... Ok, historically seen not all is correct, they don´t have Russian accents? and some info is missing. All true. But the sense of the situation, the era and the enormous difficulties they faced, I really understood.<br/><br/>I was 20 years of age back then and had no clue, neither comprehension or interest in what was going on there. But still I do remember those days because in the back of my head I (apparently) knew something was well wrong.<br/><br/>This is, more or less, the sense I got while watching the series. Something was well wrong, nobody told you so to avoid mass panic, so they all, east and west alike, decided to cover it up.<br/><br/>This is what I felt while watching, a grey power struggle over something that could have "influenced" half the western world.<br/><br/>I think it´s pretty well done and fairly close to the truth as we possibly can know it. And very happy about the absence of the accents because you either speak Russian or ... Well I need more series like this. It's amazing. I had always wanted to learn more about the incident and this series tells me all Seldom does story telling deliver a fatalistic blow to your psyche as this does. The facts are ghastly; and the plain language and steps that follow this disaster are all choices that have to be made in a horrid sea of bad choices with humans having to make inhumane decisions. This will unnerve you, and after each episode as you madly google to uncover for yourself if it really was this way or that way, you will be unnerved as you discover the writers opted to tell the lesser tale and shock will set in as you discover what you thought you knew was the horror story was merely the palatable tale spun for our ears and that the truth was much, much more terrifying. Horror can be defined as those things we find unpalatable to our 5 senses, but when the horror becomes that which the mind tries to reject and yet it must accept as real, you've succumbed to the greatest horror there can be: Doom. And it's funeral is this TV mini-series. If the creators of this mini-series did this masterpiece, I wonder what's holding back Hollywood. And this is just about the art and craft of making a movie.
I don't think I have ever seen a movie like this one and if other movie will rise this high. This is a horror movie, because it's real. Period. You will learn to appreciate life because of the catastrophic events that unfold and also feel privileged, if you haven't lived under a communism regime.
Every person in this world needs to learn and see what happened in Chernobyl. It humbles you and makes you grateful that you are alive and well.
This is part of our history and humankind must learn from it's history, otherwise we are doomed of repeating it.
There are so many emotions that you go through with each scene, each minute, each episode...I don't know how to put it into words...This needs to be experienced and for the creators of this movie to have such power to immerse the viewer in the middle of the action, feeling like you are there and living through it, it's a new level of cinematographic experience which is so rarely achieved these days.
Masterpiece! I wish all episodes had been released at once so I did not have to wait. This is an very good mini-series. You find yourself rooting for the characters. One of the best drama I've ever seen. The acting surpasses without any doubt the best I could've imagine for such an enormity in history. The rest of the set is reciprocally at its best. It is a great snapshot of the URSS just before it's collapse. Explains a lot about the catastrophe itself and the price of ignorance and denial. All these poor victims didn't die because of Chernobyl but because of a rotten state in a rotten system full of rotten people. 33 years later, the world doesn't seem that different and I was born in 1986. Call me cynical, but this is true not only for Communism, it is a feature of humans and a classical pattern in cyclisation. This event is only one in a stack but it certainly resonates louder than most in terms of disgust in what the general human apparatus can produce... Cannot recommend highly enough, very rarely post reviews but I want everyone to see this.
I was very young and living in Scotland so.in no way as effected by some of the reviews here but agree wholeheartedly with them.
It's shocking, sickening, scary, disturbing, heartfelt, but at the same time as I catch myself covering my mouth in shock.in episode three I found myself laughing at a situation that happened.
Just so good believe the hype it's such a good series acting is great, you don't notice the lack of russian and its very well made. Deserves some big awards I like it alot, better than other series right now It's not about the story, it's all about telling the story that everyone knows how it ends! Shockingly amazing, touching and as capturing as a TV series could be. Love the authenticity of this show. Goosebumps following the meltdown and the character development is absolutely amazing. Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgård have amazing chemistry together. It's just very good! Writing, acting, set design, accuracy to the period, etc. Glad to see I'm not the only one who appreciates the show. Some of The people that make reviews express themselves like if these was solved in any way but the reactor was simply sealed but it't still there and the earth nor humans can deal with it. We all saw what happen to a nuclear reactor with an hurricane in Japan but goverments still don't care and keep creating new nuclear plants!!! Why the racional people that leave at those countries where there is reactors allow this to happen!!!!! Stop right now all the nuclear plants in the world and stop making new ones!!!! Our generation has to make a change!!! It is a spot on. more like an apology from HBO for the silly ending of their other show GOT. Everyone must watch this real life drama, especially those born after it happened just to realize how close to an extinction level event humanity came up to... . It reminds me of an era we fled to grocery stores to supply our families with tin can food, long lasting supplies and agony for the future... So far the first three episodes left me awestruck... This is some serious entertainment... After watching the Trailer, i thought i'll give this one a try. I didn't expect much at first, but after a few minutes you are already deep inside the series. The atmosphere is great, the music fits the scenes. I highly recommend this one, can't wait for the last 2 episodes. Amazing acting, script, directing, sets. Everything. Impressive work I hope we learn from our mistake and disarm all nuclear weapons
We should not suffer like those people of nor our children All phrases, words, signs and messages in series are like from 1986 year entirely! Great work of costume designers, makeup artists and cameramen. I was completely in the dark about the incident, but this show could easily be a documentary, the set is timely and the acting is incredible. Much better than I ever expected. I look forward to this every week. This is perhaps the best TV Series cum Documentary ever made. Very well directed and with no unnecessary music to heighten tensions. Just pure Acting, Great Direction and an Unbelievable screenplay. I have seen many documentaries about this particular subject and I have seen really good ones! In my opinion the best one is "the battle of Chernobyl, which was made in 2006, but this miniseries surpasses even that one !!<br/><br/>The authenticity and the correctness combined with the quality acting, clearly puts this show on the top spot on the list of documentaries related to Chernobyl.<br/><br/>That fact that this show rated 9.6/10 is well deserved! I can only say that you have to see for yourself and you gonna find out what I am talking about !<br/><br/>It speaks for itself !! I was never the one to watch boring history drama, but somehow I got around to watching this. The degree of realism portrayed in this show is on another level and every scene was shot meticulously. Trust me when I say that this has the potential to be one of the greatest mini-series ever. To be honest, I never expected much of this one. Yet from the first couple of minutes, I was captivated by it. The writting is excellent, the cinematography even better, and the actors at their best. I only wish that the series continues this way! This series is amazing I've been waiting for a great show like this, highly recommended. I can't begin to portray how tense this show is. I'm two episodes in and the story telling, filming and acting is some of, if not the best I've watched on TV. The actors portray the victims of this disaster brilliantly, going from a group of people unaware of the danger they and their families are in, moving to the despair and dread of the very real situation in which they find themselves.<br/><br/>The one thing I'm not 100% taken on yet is the western accents but this is not something that detracts from the show.<br/><br/>I can not wait for the next episode so I can continue to sit and watch in stunned silence.<br/><br/>If the people do get their way and they refilm GoT season 8 (sorry couldn't help myself ðŸ˜Š), then they should just give the job to the people behind this insightfully and beautifully filmed masterpiece.<br/><br/>Please, please, please can we have more TV like this... It is very gripping and the background scores and effects will make you feel as if you are witnessing the disaster. I like true story shows , but this show was incredible, i am so excited to watch the next episodes Only hearing the name "Chernobyl" makes me so terrified. It is astonishingly good show. The soundtracks are certainly some high quality music, well it is an HBO thing. I can't wait to see the third episode. They explained the most details and The episodes make you enthusiastic for the next Hbo is the best for making realistic story so many detailed It seems the best of film is now on home TV!<br/><br/>In the first episode, the blocking for the actors feels staged and unnatural at times, but overall, it's a wonderful first two episodes. The second episode owns itself and is particularly riveting when Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd gets to strut his moody self.<br/><br/>This is essential viewing for those who remember the event and for those not born or too young at the time, to have an appreciation of the perils of this clean energy, that when gone wrong, goes terribly wrong!<br/><br/>Looking forward to the next episode and the sequel: HBO's Fukushima!<br/><br/>In short: This is brilliant, filmic TV with incredibly high production values and attention to detail for the era it portrays. This mini-series captures the true essence of the circumstances and people behind one of the biggest disasters in the history of mankind. Great actors, great editing its got it all! 10/10 Just one word I think of this TV show so far: intense. I can't stress enough how amazing this show is it's so well done and there's no going back once you get into yet another HBO masterpiece about Chernobyl. This is a recommendation so I won't get into details or spoilers....STOP READING THIS GO STEAL YOUR FRIENDS HBOGO PASSWORD IF YOU HAVE TO AND SEE FOR YOURSELF!!! LOL Enjoy! Very well acted and excellently realised bit of tragic history. They seem to stick reasonably close to actual events (if somewhat simplified) and have the atmosphere of 80's Russia spot on. Its just that the whole thing is so tragically depressing. Hats off to the real heroes who sacrificed themselves to limit the deaths as much as is possible. A job great done. Realistic and captivating. I am amazed by how authentic it's done. Filmed incredibly realistic, I say as a Ukrainian, who lived there at the time!
Thank you so much! I lived in the Soviet Union, I live in Russia, I was much interested in this tragedy. And I keep worrying that someone perceives it as having at least some relationship to the truth. In each frame a lie, people act and talk is not even close as the Soviet people, something that was, in reality, is not even close to the attitude to what is shown in the series. Everything's a lie, I feel sorry for the people who are so blatantly cheating, trying to replace the truth with emotion. This series is exclusively anti-Russian propaganda, in everything. Even the colors of the frames are such as to cause negative emotions. The plot is mediocre, as well as the game actors. People's behavior looks like they are from another planet, the Russians are not like that. You try to cheat in every frame and every fact. The hype about it is much bigger than the quality of Series.
Yes, it's very good but not the best. I've watched Chrernobyl twice now; the second time confirmed that (first time round) it gets a little flabby in the middle, where it's hard to tell who's being spoken to and why, as they rot from gamma ray exposure. Legasov's finale explanation to the court, complete with dramatisations, of what 'actually' happened is gripping, and it's a good finale. Jared Harris gets to hang himself, as in 'Mad Men', again.<br/><br/>The best thing about this series is the way that it looks; totally pre-Glasnost USSR and the recreation of the scale of the disaster is totally believable. There may be many factual mistakes and non-truths, but the art direction and CGI is very powerful. And the acting is good, apart from the many Brit accents, which didn't work in "The Death Of Stalin", and stick out a mile here.<br/><br/>I've revised my original rating from 5 to 8, as not many boxed-sets stand repeat viewing. If you've not seen it, be aware that Chernobyl is very morbid, quite depressing and uses the USSR as a soft target, though there are some jokes here and there. If you've seen the docu-drama about the Challenger disaster, it's like that only without NASA, but with nuclear reactors and dead Russians. It loses a lot of the authentic feeling when they all speak English.
I still like it a lot, but I really wish it was in Russian. I don't speak Russian, but I'm fine reading subtitles..
Maybe they did it for the American audience ?(no offense, I just think most of them would skip a TV show not in English..I may be wrong). The story the miniseries covers could not be more compelling or terrifying. The series captures the dread and terror very well and is certainly compelling cinema. However, even accounting for some artistic liberties, an accurate turn by turn depiction of events it is not.
If one reads the gripping accounts of historical events, such as Grigori Medvedev - The Truth About Chernobyl or Adam Higgiinbotham - Midnight In Chernobyl and watches original footage of the aftermath, as in the excellent documentary The Battle for Chernobyl, it becomes clear that the depictions are far, far away from historical accuracy. That may or may not matter to you, but it does for me. Much more so as it was billed as historically accurate.
Soviet leadership was in the dark during the early hours, as local leadership deliberately downplayed the magnitude of what happened. The incompetence, the stalling, the disbelief and denial by those who were on site, all swept under the rug. Even though BBC's Seconds from Disaster docudrama had given a blueprint, which - oddly enough - the miniseries references in specific cinematic moments.
There are scenes where the cinematography conveys in pictures a stylized version of the primal fears instilled in us of deadly radiation, but it tends to revel in these moments too much. The look on the firefighter's face gazing into the inferno, the general in his chemical warfare suit being decontaminated, the ridiculous plume above the reactor (it wasn't dense black smoke but an innocent looking thin white smoke wafting over the reactor). Sometimes the seemingly innocent looking surroundings of a beautiful and unusually warm spring surrounding radiation fields that could kill a human within a minute is more terrifying. Sometimes, less is more. It is this almost cartoonish exaggeration that bothers me the most. Lie about most things. Dead tolls, radiation levels, involved ppl etc etc. If you want to know real story - use other sources. Its better than expected. I give it a 9/10 because of the English accents. I watched this miniseries and found it excellent - despite a few goofs and exaggerations here and there, which might be excusable for varying reasons.<br/><br/>In the second episode, timing of the detection of the incident and some measures taken in the Western World, and that of the evacuation of Pripyat are wrong. First, the process of evacuation decision and its approval by the authorities in Moscow, which actually took place next night (26-27 April), when buses were also sent from Kiev, was completely omitted.<br/><br/>Instead, Shcherbina is falsely shown receiving a phone call next morning (27 April) and sharing the information with Legasov that the Swedish and US authorities have learned all about the accident and that "they are not letting children play outside in Frankfurt" shown in striking contrast with children on the streets of Pripyat. And immediately after that, evacuation buses are shown arriving at 14:00 and beginning to evacuate the town straightaway.<br/><br/>In fact, the Forsmark Nuclear Power Plant in Sweden first detected the extraordinarily high levels of radiation next morning (28 April), Moscow TV broadcast the first news about Chernobyl on that evening and, furthermore, things like closure of children's playgrounds in Frankfurt region (1600 kilometers away) took place only at least a week later in May 1986.<br/><br/>So there's no such thing like the Soviet authorities cared about the children in their country less than the West German authorities cared about the children in their country at the time of Chernobyl as depicted in the second episode.<br/><br/>What a disappointment at the end of such an otherwise very good film, like the other miniseries "When They See US" which in turn reveals the dark side of the state bureaucracy in the United States.<br/><br/>This (and many other minor issues) could perhaps have been avoided if this otherwise very fine miniseries were co-produced with people from Ukraine or Russia as well. The Cold War is over, remember? It's time we all realize we now live in an era of multi-polar world, an era of globalization. One of the objectives of the narrative is about climate change. The mini-series made two major changes for the scientists.
1. The Soviet scientists had scientific consensus that the Soviet nuclear energy program was safe.
2. The scientists knew perfectly well the "scientific consensus" was not true, but based on politics.<br/><br/>During one of the show runner interviews, he attempt to connect the mini-series to man made climate change. It wouldn't help showing the scientists knew all along the designed was faulty and based on bad science. This is an HBO mini-series about the 1986 nuclear power plant disaster. A series of human error and a devastating design flaw would cause the worst nuclear accident in history. Deputy chairman Boris Shcherbina (Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd) is put in charge. Valery Legasov (Jared Harris) is the scientist who figures out the seriousness of the situation. Ulana Khomyuk (Emily Watson) is a nuclear physicist in Minsk who detects the radiation and contributes to the solution.<br/><br/>The most incredible aspect of the first episode is the roar of the exposed core. While I knew that the core was exposed, I never actually considered its primal roar. It breathe fire like a dragon. It blew my mind. The thesis of lies and hubris and scientific truths and real heroism is the story's beating heart. It is led by three stellar performers. Even if you think you know, this series will make you think some more. The final episode has a tough job of explaining the accident. It puts the exposition into the courtroom and it's surprising how understandable nuclear power science becomes. This is prestige television at its best. This mini series is a wake up call to humanity. You will have a knot in your stomach. Don't watch it around your meals, cause you will not be able to complete your meal or stop the show. Very well told history! I am aware nuclear technology came a long way but accidents still happen! I am sure we will have a similar documentary/show about Fukushima (Japan) which happened in 2017. Watch this show! It will punch you in the gut! You will lose sleep over it after watching the show. Vodka may help as it helps people in the show! Great one to watch! I am yet to see a story told in any show/documentary this strong! I just watched the first episode, great acting and the whole setup looks realistic! I will continue to watch the next episodes. I have only seen ep1 and I'm hooked can't wait for the rest. The only reason I gave it a 9 and not a 10 is because I've only seen ep1!. Can not believe this really happened. Chernobyl is horror Contain the people in the city so they will not spread wrong information... I'm more than convinced that Chernobyl is a stunning portrayal of the disaster which is in fact mostly forgotten now in modern Russia with all its heroes and villains. And I'm as a person who was somehow involved and somewhat suffered from the events really grateful for the attempt to remind the world of the tragedy which left a bleeding wound in our hearts.<br/><br/>Yet despite the great work of telling that story I'm bitterly upset by the fact that it fails to tell the truth, which is ironical given the statements that creators was making promoting the movie. The truth here fell the victim of the entertainment.<br/><br/>My only regret is for people who lost their lives saving others only to be stigmatised by the modern dull, stereotypical propaganda. The rating of this show was very promising. However, the hopes were not justified. The series has nothing to do with the real story. It was created on the materials of the Western press and permeated with hatred for the Soviet Union, so that the Western audience kept all its stereotypes. The main idea is that the authorities of the Soviet Union were more terrible than the Chernobyl disaster. Fortunately people who have experienced all the horrors of this disaster are still alive. And they gradually begin to express their opinion about this show. First of all, nobody worked at gunpoint. The second, all received iodine, other drugs. Third, no one blocked the evacuation, on the contrary, it was organized, albeit not immediately, because authorities did not understand the complexity of the situation. Fourth, none of the workers were interested in the first place, how much money they will receive for the elimination of consequences. These were not those times. When there was a disaster (accidents, earthquakes, etc.), thousands of volunteers came and helped. Fifth, none of the authorities did not communicate with the workers hiding behind the soldiers. All ministers came out of the people and were part of it. Just read their biographies on Wiki. Sixth, no one drank vodka while working there. A dry law was declared there. The entire population was evacuated, shops are closed. There was nowhere to buy vodka even if you would wanted to. But dining rooms were organized for workers, where very good food was offered. No one lived in horrible tents, no one ate bad food, no one drank vodka all the time. There was no fear, no looting, no working at gunpoint. In the film, nuclear power plant workers are shown absolutely incompetent specialists who roam like zombies and do not know what to do. Dyatlov just ran into the bunker saving his life. This was far from this. Just today, because of this disaster, we know more and see more problems and ways to avoid them. These people (scientists, workers, engineers, military) were real heroes. And those who worked there, and those who eliminated the consequences of the accident. The series shows the dirt, sloppiness, drunkenness. And dirty walls and heating batteries even in the hospital. I'm sorry, but I don't think such a story can be described as real. This show is in no way a 9/10. I dont know exactly how these things work but there is a certain machine that makes some shows and some movies on the front row of the media attention, especially on the social media then. I dont know how it starts, maybe with a good trailer. After that someone pays someone to write a good review in an esteemed magazine or website and then the youtubers take it over, having read about it in that magazine, it must be that amazing..so they go on and make videos about how the show is amazing (bet many of them didnt even watch it). Next step is comment section: the fans of the youtubers ofc blindly just accept the review of their favorite and write positive comments. And in no time you have the whole internet infected with something that isnt true at all, or very little so. I think I just answered my own question. Nice. Anyway, about the actual show: its ok, average. I prefer to watch Project blue book over this one any time. Chernobyl is watchable. No way it deserves more than 6. No way. Before watching this series, you should see the reaction of really living people now about the tragedy of those days. Those people who really lived and worked there. The series contains too much false information, so many effects for raising views. This is a tragedy, it is not for hype. There are so many reports with people about this series on YouTube, with real miners, with real people. They all laugh at the show as one! How could human stories be so distorted! If you understand the Russian language - my advice to you: go and see better the footage from the interview AFTER the release of the film. Just thanks to such a deceitful series, people tell how everything happened in the REALLY ACT.<br/><br/>Verdict - this series is insanely disgusting.
As Russian I found that series the worst series I have ever seen.<br/><br/>P.S. Never let foreigners show the events of your country without consulting historians and eyewitnesses, if your task is to shoot a good film that it would really be a shame to advise others. This serial is somewhat nice - by details, by native look of the time when Chernobyl nuclear station disaster has happened... yet it has many notions and - most of them are total lies and twisting of the facts of what's really happened.<br/><br/>You can visit youtube, find the evidence of _real_ ppl who worked on that station - removing radioactive elements from the top of semi-destructed block#4, seazing the fire toward other blocks of the Chernobyl station - you can turn english translation and see what _real_ ppl say about these series, about _lies_ has been shown in this cinema...<br/><br/>You know, lies are faster being consumed when they're mixed with truly facts...<br/><br/>If these series were made as TOTAL LIES version - they wouldn't get so high rating here on IMBD :) Think about it. After the first episode.<br/><br/>Great directors job, great shots and great arts.<br/><br/>But really surprised how it is possible for the authors to use in the story the most speculative cliches of soviet propaganda . Dyatlov like an antogonist? U serious? Yes Dyatlov was rigid (rough?stern?) -- but he wasn't an idiot. Legasov (the part of the system) like a protagonist? Legasov who advocated his bosses (the main "authors" of Chernobyl) -- Aleksandrov (the head of RBMK-reactor project) and Dollezhal (a chief designer of RBMK-reactor) in IAEA (INSAG-1 report in 1986)?<br/><br/>English director and american scriptwriter continued the soviet "regime" lies. Amazing.<br/><br/>P.S. hope the next episodes will open the story in another light. Not sure if the reviews are because there are soo many russians in the world but I found the show to be good, the writing is really good and the story is shocking . However I do feel it falls of in the 4th episode and I lost a bit of interest.
In the end its good but not to be one of the best rated tv shows at all This is a truly frightening movie that highlights what happens when government, media and education all espouse the same message and squash all thoughtful and reasoned dissent Informative, shocking and well acted. It is a good series. It fell short of the "hype" for me and was drawn out and slow in several places but I would recommend a watch if someone was struggling to find a new series to binge. This piece of sad history and a close call to the almost slaughter and destruction of an entire continent, is one of the many... Many reasons, socialists and communists, must be SLAUGHTERED from the face of history. Just like the nazis. A masterpiece, HBO has redeemed itself for the disaster of game of throne's final season. This was on of the best shows i've seen in years. It's on the top of my list of favorite shows This has to be one of the most gritty, well acted pieces of true story television i have ever watched, and it's only 5 episodes long. I was absolutely transfixed. But beware blaming communism. Do you think the republic of USA doesn't have secrets? This doc-show literally made the hair on the back of my neck stand up. To see just how far a government will go with lies and misdirection so horrific from it's people. I had read about the Chernobyl incident but didn't know the story. This was so awful and sad. This truly was a excellent show. Well done HBO. This is stuff of nightmares. I didn't mind this was not in Russian and fact I was glad for it. I don't think it took away from the story telling at all. I tend to shy away from shows that are not in English only because I read too slowly and I concentrate on the word more than what is unfolding on the screen. So no it didn't diminish the show in any way for me...great acting, great script. Again thank you HBO for bringing this to us. From the first opening scenes you are hooked. Beautifully acted, great direction, cinematography and script.<br/><br/>Fact that it is based on real life event which I'm older enough to remember, makes it devastatingly powerful.<br/><br/>Only reason I don't give it a 10 is because it's not in Russian but that is a minor and understandable negative in a masterful production. The fire brigade members were portrayed in the movie as stupids who do not know anything about radioactivity, but many of them volunteererly endangered themselves to save lives. The cast is incredible, the vfx, the script.. Everything is intact and it puts you in that time and place.. A great way to lets us know more about a disaster that was the first one of it's kind and how humans adapted to it and managed to limit the damage.. Not to mention this shows us alot of insights on the political system of the Ukrainian SSR.. The conflicts and the moral obligations the people in charge had to make at that time, ofc with a touch of feeelings, suspence, sence of sacrifice and drama, it all makes this mini-series a one of a kind HBO did a fantastic job in the dramatic retelling of this story, it is not a documentary but you can tell that great lengths were made to have it feel as realistic and true to history as possible. The composite character played by Emily Watson is perhaps my favorite and although she's the only not real person featured, her character does a lot for the story and functions as Valery's conscience. I feel actual anxiety during many moments, for example, when the wife touches her very radioactive husband against direct warnings, when the kids danced in the radioactive fallout the first night, WHEN THE FIREMAN PICKED UP THE RADIOACTIVE GRAPHITE!! This miniseries highlights the bravery of the people involved who did everything they could to clean and lessen the impact of the damage, the bravery of those who warned others despite doing so could get them killed, the ones that readily sacrificed themselves so that millions more would live. It's an incredible story and HBO does it justice while taking a few creative liberties for drama, but not too many. It stays true to the event and honors the people involved in this tragedy. Based on the true events,this mini series deserves to be the top rated show in the earth. The dramatic score of the show,the all realistic parts(the corridor,worker names) and all this sums up to be the best TV series of all time. Absolutely stunning film making. A true master piece 'Chernobyl' is the scariest show i have ever watched . It so creepy and depressing that It's difficult to follow. Top notch cinematography, brilliant actors and mesmerizing sound makes that show one of the greatest for the past two decades. It's really unbelievable story i didn't think i would see such perfect story ... just finished last episode i feel sorry for people they lost there life there ... thank you for such amazing show one of the best shows i've ever seen I am usually a person who does not like to watch TV series. The reason for that is that to me, they require a lot of time. That is why mini-series format is something that I prefer very much. It's longer than a movie, and shorter than a regular series. Chernobyl is the best TV series I've ever seen, and it is great that it's not a anti-Russian or anti-Soviet propaganda. It is a series that tells a lot of stories of many people who vere involved in some way whith Chernobyl disaster. It has some shocking moments but I think it should by seen by everyone. The writing and storyline has been excellent so far. I have watched 3 episodes together in a row and so curious for the next two. I love this exciting serie.The interlocutors affecting me. True performances, storyline, sadness and gloom for anyone still supporting nuclear power (and Russians!) Superb acting. The event of Chernobyl will always be one of the darkest spot in our History, and got countless documentaries. Now we have the opportunity that an HBO show explores the characters reacting to this whole dark happening, and of course about the unleashed killing U-235 around the whole atmosphere of Chernobyl.<br/><br/>It's a horror, but a real one. The enemy, or the monster is the Radiation itself. It never occured in this form before so every action and defense tactics are new and firstly deployed but still needed to do in order not letting people perish. Scientists, common people, officials, presidental members will sacrifice their communist idealism or even their own life for that matter to accomplish anything that can stop this blooming death that no one have seen before while stating to the people; Everything is fine, there is nothing to worry about. Now this is a Horror people need to see and need to experience and to learn from it. Incredible work! Breathtaking show.... I am Bulgarian, born in 1987. My parents told me about this terrible crime of the communist regime - the cover up of the incident! The radioactive clouds have reached Bulgaria on 1st of May when many parades took place. People were marching under the radioactive rain, because the communists did not share anything about the incident and no precautions were taken to protect the normal Bulgarians. Of course the communist leadership knew about the incident was taking every measure to protect themselves and their families. I can't fully explain how good this has been so far. It's extremely disturbing in a number of ways (as it should be), and the writers, directors, cinematographers, and cast have excelled at transporting you into every scene.<br/><br/>There are obvious times where you feel disgust, such as seeing the radiation burns, or how the utter mishandling by party leaders led to so many tragic and unnecessary deaths...but there's also the creeping nausea you feel just by seeing the wind blowing through the trees, or dogs running through the streets. Almost as if you feel like you're being poisoned as well.<br/><br/>If I had to make any kind of criticism, it's that the series is in English with (nearly) all British actors. The acting is phenomenal, and I'm familiar with, and enjoy, a lot of the cast...but it does distract and take you out of the moment at times. I'm still giving this a much deserved 10 though. May be the scariest movie I've ever seen. And there are no aliens, demons, or serial killers. Just communist hubris, nuclear disaster, people being ravaged from the inside out, and the threat of global annihilation. And it really happened. Typically, HBO makes a "Series" when I think they should have made a film. For example, 1 of Philip K. Dick's greatest science fiction stories or novels, "The Man In The High Castle". It would have been a great film. Instead, they nade a series. This is the 2nd time HBO did the right thing by making a "Mini Series" instead of a film. The 1st was "The Night Of"(a great series). Now "Chernobyl" is absolutely a great series. Stunningly good; showing the secrets, lies and sacrifices which occured. Stellan Sarsgard is great as are his co-stars, Jared Harris and Emily Watson. It is by far the best show depicting the events of that tragic era! Definately thumbs up for the creators, hope it remains like that in the rest 4 episodes! The first episode was really, really scary! At this moment i don't know how to describe my feellng about this show! Everything was great. Dark atmosphere, fear, panic...but for me one of the best things is how they are create the same period when disaster happend and that was mi 80's. Every detal was perfect! From clothes, telephones,apartments, cars...streets, absolutely brilliant! Looking forward to see next episode. What can I say but amazing. Very eerie and scary first episode. How some of the hierarchy had there heads in the sands from this impending disaster which was about to unravel. Superb acting. This latest title in HBO's arsenal has managed to bring one of the most vile human made disasters in the entire history into existence , and it was quite brilliant .<br/><br/>The scenery was beautifully gripping , the camera movement was quite representative of the tension that was palpable that very gruesome night .<br/><br/>The acting was to no one's surprise , brilliant , considering the names constituting the cast. The constant false-reassuring state in which the characters are present that night , was meticulously portrayed by the actors .<br/><br/>I've felt that the element that had the most hand in creating the feeling of suspense , anxiety , combined with the inevitability of a disastrous outcome , was the music ,a brilliant tone reminiscent of a ticking time bomb needing only time before the unleashing of catastrophe .<br/><br/>The writing certainly succeeds in capturing the viewer's interest by maintaining the story at a constantly moving state ,by introducing conflict throughout almost the entirety of the episode .<br/><br/>If you prefer anxiety inducing thrillers coupled with brilliant production , what are you waiting for mate ? Go watch it .<br/><br/>9/10 from me Just wow! It had me glued to the screen in awe. The actors are phenomenal , the cinematography is perfect . Renck should be disarmed and deported to Madonna vids for as long as he lives. So much potential of doing something great and end up with a stiffs like Skarsgard & co. Looks like a Swedish television production, and no that's not a good thing. Propaganda written all over. Do not waste your time. Honestly the show is beautiful and engaging but a lot of it is pure propaganda. The Chernobyl accident itself killed less than 200 people. There was no dead baby. 80% of the first responders lived through ARS and a lot of the cancer that developed wasnt particularly fatal.<br/><br/>If that's still too many dead for you, know that even the show's premise of "this could only happen in Soviet Russia" is really weak compared to the death tolls and environmental damage racked up by American Airlines and BP.<br/><br/>The show's clear intent is to deride socialism in an age where the young have become disillusioned by capitalism. After all, what other relevance could a show about the perils of communism have in a post-Soviet world?<br/><br/>Also falls real hard on the pathetic trope of showing you who the bad guys are by making a bunch of Soviet soldiers kill a whole lot of dogs. Just in case the audience was still leaning sympathizer I guess?? I started watching this and was hooked on the first episode. 10/10 very easily for both the first and second episode, the third still very good. The fourth episode for me was very dull and uneventful, lots of dialogue and scenes curated to try and pull at your heart strings. I stopped watching 10 minutes into the fifth episode, it was just so dull and uneventful, just too much dialogue and no suspenseful scenes such as the ones which originated in the first episode which were incredible.<br/><br/>This show starts off at a high pace with lots of well written scenes and suspense, but then simmers down very fast after the third episode. This TV series is amazing. Such a realistic portrayal of the events that unfolded during this disaster. There is so much detail in it. The way that the Russian politicians and media are portrayed appears to be spot-on, trying to cover up the disaster even though it was going to kill thousands of people for hundreds of miles. I'm loving this series, each one is more terrifying than the last. But still can't wait for the next. This is a great drama but it mixes fact with a lot of fiction. If you are interested in Chernobyl pick up a good book on the topic but don't mistake this miniseries for a documentary. In my opinion, the Chernobyl series is a masterpiece that must be watched. Not only does it describe the Chernobyl accident, the scariest disaster in recent history. With the color package used by the cinematographer, with his music, his tension that never drops the dose, he almost lives you the events. You live the radiation, you feel it. It is quite plain but has a good acting. There are no ridiculous exaggerations, it is not necessary as the event itself is horror. A great dystopian series is very educational for me and it is very shocking because it tells about real events. It should definitely be included in archives.<br/><br/>The only drawback of the movie was that the miners were naked. At least in the shooting of that scene, there could even be underwear on the miners. Craig Mazin's five-part HBO miniseries, Chernobyl, fills viewers with a cold, anxious dread as it pulls them deeper and deeper. Knowing some but not all of what happened at Chernobyl in 1986 makes for a uniquely unnerving experience, as audiences are aware that something terrible will happen but are unsure exactly how it will all play out.<br/><br/>The show comes at a time when criticizing the Russian political hierarchy, much of which is still rooted in Soviet ideology, is particularly en vogue thanks to the spread of disinformation and its renewed and terrifying relevance. Buoyed by similar themes of anxiety, disaster shows like Chernobyl hold a certain psychological appeal, particularly when the real world seems like a hot mess. We, as an audience, have a sort of cultural obsession with catastrophe: We love to watch it, talk about it, speculate about it, and exploit it. Chernobyl plays to that fascination with ease. <ul><li>How can you go a place knowing that you are definitely, going to die?? What is the cost of lies?? "Chernobyl" series will leave you questioning, thinking to understand. There will be some movies/series that will stick to you for life, for me, this is one of them. My rating is 9/10.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Today on 26th April, the world will never forget this day, writing on my second viewing.</li></ul>"Chernobyl" is an HBO Mini-Series (5 episodes) based on the true events of the world's worst man-made catastrophe, an explosion at the nuclear power plant in Chernobyl, Ukraine, On 26th April 1986.
Directed by Johan Renck. Staring Jared Harrison, Stellan Skarsgard, Emily Watson. It has released in 2019 and has nominated for 19 Emmys and won 7 awards including best-limited series, Stellen for best actor, cinematography, editing, and Screenplay Awards And also won Golden Globe for best series.<br/><br/><ul><li>This is not just a story about catastrophe, it is also a story about heroes dealing that has never occurred before, who went knowingly that the radiation of the explosion would kill them, all the Scientists, Military, Miners, firefighters, health workers, and so many people sacrifices to save millions. And for antagonists are lies, corrupted government, Secrecy, ignorance of some people, all these chains to a disaster that is never seen in human history.</li></ul><br/><br/>Writer Craig Mazin shows the disaster in a subjective manner and unfolds the story brick by brick, and rather than focusing on a group of people it focuses on individuals, this puts the audience in the shoes of characters and situation facing. There also some fictional scenes which made for the emotional purpose and to make sense of what's happening. The script and way of breaking episodes are perfectly done to build tension. And quotes in this series just makes upkeep on thinking like" What is the cost of lies? It's not that we'll mistake them for the truth. The real danger is that if we hear enough lies, then we no longer recognize the truth at all" With all said, there is no surprise to say this is a masterpiece screenplay.<br/><br/><ul><li>Lead Actor Jared Harris plays Valery Legasov who is a Soviet inorganic chemist in the field of nuclear physics. Stellan Skarsgard plays Boris Shcherbina, a politician. Both have given their Lifetime performance, Expressing the struggling emotions of dealing with this disaster, facing challenges in the process, seeking the truth and despair of failure, all the performance they did really paid off, and justified to the story. The chemistry between them from hating each other at the beginning in the series to becoming the best comrades is stunning. There is a quote at the end of the series from scientist to the politician, "they heard me but listened to you" I wish how they worked together to deal with the crisis after the catastrophe, likewise if the government listens to the scientists our world may not have to face another crisis like that or any other climate change, pandemics, etc.</li></ul>And fictional character Ulana Khomyuk played by Emily Watson represents a group of scientists, she gave a splendid performance.
And for the antagonist who played to be ignorant, demanding comrades, denying the truth makes you angry, they did a remarkably great job.<br/><br/><ul><li>Directed Johan Renck, always keeps the series grounded and pushed to realism even though it is horrifying, upsetting, we see the killing of all pets because of spreading radiation, a pile of dead human bodies, and there is a scene in the hospital, where shows what 15000 roentgen radiation do to human body all the skin melting, it's horrifying and sadly it happened. The director never shied to show the truth, he wanted us to know it is dangerous and like the way, he tackled the series to showcase us the cost of lies.</li></ul>There are many exposition scenes describes how a nuclear power plant operates, how this disaster arose, the aftermath of the disaster, etc. Directed interestingly, explained smoothly not only for the science enthusiastic but even who is not interested it hooks you up.<br/><br/><ul><li>The sound editing and mixing are haunting, Chilling. There is a scene where 3 men divers enter contaminated water to open the valve the tunnel, where we hear only the ticking sound of the Geiger counter, it builds tension and keeps the audience on the edge of seats and the score is brilliantly done.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>The cinematographer did a great job in capturing emotions of characters most of the series contains close up shots that make us invest in characters and connect us to the story.</li></ul><br/><br/><ul><li>Chernobyl series keeps you on the edge of seats and begging for truth. It deserves all the praise received by critics and the audience. Every decision in direction, storytelling, editing, makeup, action, and production is amazing and given us a master-crafted series. This is the kind of story that everyone should watch and learn if we didn't learn from the past, it will happen again in a different form.</li></ul> This series is timely for many reasons, and I personally found it captivating. For those of us (from afar) who lived through the events via media, this was a very black & white story at the coalface of what happened. It's honest, despite the difficulty of the subject matter & themes, and it will not be a series that some will be able to make it all the way through.<br/><br/>Short at five episodes, it's balanced correctly the length to tell the story of the disaster, the impact on the victims, the survivors, the apparatics, the scientists and so on. The acting is phenomenally good, but also so is the direction. There are also some incredible stand out scenes which I'm sure certain big name directors are wishing they'd have done it first.<br/><br/>Very educational and very intelligent. The producers deserve a lot of credit for their part and courage to create this without resorting to any cliche. A fine series and one that will be oft watched for many years to come. Stellar Skarsgards finest performance - absolutely great. There is so much praise that Chernobyl earns that it's hard to know where to begin. I suppose that I should start with the fact that my Godfather recommended this to me over the summer, so I asked for the DVD for Christmas, and I got it a few days before.<br/><br/>That night, I watched Part 1 with my Grandma, and she wasn't interested while I was riveted. About 3 weeks have passed, and I didn't have to work that Saturday night, so sometime after 6pm, I started it over on 1/11/20 and watched the whole 5.5 hour mini-series in one night. And I was very intrigued!<br/><br/>This movie captures the horror in Russia in 1986 due to a power plant explosion. The Chernobyl disaster is considered to be among the worst in history, and the series most definitely captures why. I'm not Russian, and I wouldn't be born for another 12 years, but this recreation made it just as horrifying as it would be to actually be there.<br/><br/>Starting from a film-making standpoint, Chernobyl is superb. The cinematography and camera work is well done, and sometimes the visuals do a better job telling the story than the dialogue.<br/><br/>For example, Part 1 of 5 concludes with kids laughing while on the way to school, and a bird falls and dies behind them from the gas. Wow. If a bird can already die from the air, how disgusting is it for the kids?<br/><br/>As for the characters, the movie does a fine job making us sympathize with them. Valery Legasov, played fantastically by Jared Harris, struggles to get the truth out about the incident, making the viewer frustrated and depressed for his sake.<br/><br/>We even see miners deal with excessive heat and at risk of dying to help repair the damage. A woman also gives birth during the disaster and the child dies 4 hours after being born due to the conditions. There is even some sympathy for the ultimate villain of the story.<br/><br/>The movie is also paced wonderfully as well. Even at 5.5 hours, Chernobyl never seems too long or too short. It is long, but the length is justified with all the information given and viewpoints intertwined, and again, how engaging it is.<br/><br/>There are a few 1/10 star reviews on here, which I feel to be a pity. The complaint against the entire movie is that some things are made up for the plot. The movie exposes lies while creating its own-how ironic and hypocritical.<br/><br/>To those who say this, I respond with- it's a movie, not a documentary. Many movies do this for the sake of what film is-entertainment. If one wants the 100% facts, they can look at websites and books or, as I mentioned, documentaries. But this is a piece of cinema, and it highly succeeds as one. The true horrors are indeed presented, and certainly facts are what must shape the story.<br/><br/>I do have a minor complaint about the movie, and that is that the Russian accents make the characters hard to hear, so I put on the subtitles. However, it took me 14 minutes into Part 3 to realize that I had them off, so I will say that it is audible without them at times.<br/><br/>I could say more about Chernobyl, but this should suffice to show that this should be seen. It even made my Top 5 favorite movies as of now! It's no wonder why there are currently 2,250 other 10 star reviews here on IMDB. They are well earned. We now have the truth, and the truth really does set you free!<br/><br/>Note: Thanks very highly to my Godfather for recommending this to me and for getting it for me! Consider this review to be for you. Also, the film concludes with a dedication to those who suffered due to the disaster. May this review do the same. Chernobyl is one of the greatest man made disasters in history. It was so tremendous it properly frightened the world from nuclear power. But how much did the world really know? The Soviet state of Russia was so dictatorial about information and controlling information that it was hard to know what really happened.<br/><br/>
"Chernobyl" is a tremendous miniseries that gives the world the pieces of the puzzle it has always been missing. The writer and producer, Craig Mazin, dives deep into the technical and scientific side of the story, yet dumbs it down for us viewers that aren't familiar with nuclear fission or the operations of a nuclear reactor. He finds clever ways to insert elementary explanations for us laymen to grasp the concept.<br/><br/>But the technical part of the show was simply one aspect. Larger than the physical disaster was the state created disaster. Is there anything more dangerous than arrogance and ineptitude? That's exactly what Chernobyl was and it is a most dangerous mixture.<br/><br/>"Chernobyl" is about a disaster, but it's also about a despotic regime, arrogant ministers, and misinformed subjects. But it was also about heroism, self-sacrifice, and speaking truth to power.<br/><br/>I've never seen a show or movie that has made me feel thoroughly sympathetic about Russia or Russians. "Chernobyl" does for Russians what "Das Boot" did for Germans and more so. "Chernobyl" is an incredible story that's told in an incredible manner about an incredible catastrophe. This is just wow, cann't be explained in words. Just watch it. UMA SÉRIE EM 05 EPISÓDIOS QUE MOSTRA A CRUEL REALIDADE DA EXTINTA URSS (CCCP) E DO ACIDENTE NUCLEAR CAUSADO PELA IRRESPONSABILIDADE E DESPREPARO PROVENIENTES DE UM ESTADO SOCIALISTA / COMUNISTA QUE PREPARA MILITANTES POLÍTICOS E NÃO PROFISSIONAIS CAPACITADOS EM SUAS UNIVERSIDADES PÚBLICAS.<br/><br/>NÃO É PARA QUEM TEM ESTÔMAGO FRACO!!<br/><br/>EU SUPER RECOMENDO!!! ÓTIMA PRODUÇÃO, DIREÇÃO, ÓTIMAS ATUAÇÕES E FORA O DISCURSO FINAL, TUDO FIEL A TRISTE REALIDADE DOS FATOS!!! #RECOMENDO / #HBO Chernobyl is a masterpiece and one of the best shows of the 2010's. I personally do not really care for programs that are historical and deal with past conflicts, but Chernobyl is engaging, heartfelt and did not leave me uninterested for a second. The acting is spectacular and perfectly captures the environment and stakes of the disaster. Jared Harris is perfectly cast as Legasov and provides a great performance, which can also be said for every other actor on screen. Everyone seems dedicated to the series and it definitely helps further improve the experience. After watching, I was much more aware of the disaster and was eager to learn more about it almost immediately. Only great shows can provoke that reaction out of me, and this series is beyond great. I have much more to say about this marvelous program, but for now, I will end with a strong recommendation for this series. It is a great insight into the Chernobyl disaster and is a must watch. Factually accurate, authentic sets and characterisations. Mostly linear narrative (except for last episode which uses flashbacks to support summation) creates a documentary sense. Not over dramatised as could have happened with this material. Quality tv. Excellent mini series. The story and facts were presented perfectly. Material like this could've easily been over blown in the hands of amateur or attention seeking filmmakers. Johan got the mood, time setting and characters just right. Cheers to the cast and crew. Top notch The show was damn scientific,perfect acting,perfect scenes........everything just gets a 10/10.........Every emotion in the series is portrayed beautifully.......<br/><br/>And at the end obviously,Chernobyl disaster is a dark patch in our scientific history CHERNOBYL is an excellent depiction of the infamous nuclear explosion that occurred in Ukraine back in 1986. I've previously read a book on the topic so I had some understanding of what took place, but this miniseries is even better. Over five carefully-paced episodes it really gets into the heart of the matter, depicting the science and circumstances behind the explosion and the failures that led to it happening in the first place. It also extensively depicts the fall-out and clean-up operations that were required afterwards. On top of all this, it's a character-focused drama in which the human cost is always at the forefront. Three exemplary performances from Jared Harris, Stellan Skarsgard and Emily Watson lead the way and the smaller roles are equally special. Doubtlessly the best TV show of the year, and one of the best of all time. Chernobyl brings light to possibly the biggest disaster in human history. The way they slowly reveal this incredibly tragic event is so intriguing that it's hard not to watch this 5-6 hour total series in one night. Equally as interesting are the personal stories that weave togather throughout each episode. I think that the way it makes you feel and understand the effects of this disaster from different character's points of view was crucial to setting this apart from being a long documentary. Writing is great and film direction superb too. There's something morbidly sublime about seeing all the destruction a destroyed nuclear reactor can cause, and learning how it could have been so much worse is something else. Somehow on top of all this, it becomes a story of a nation uniting, with dirty underlying politics that I never thought I would enjoy, yet I did. Chernobyl is brilliant, just so perfectly paced and presented, watch this if you haven't already! This miniseries is amazing. In only five episodes it makes you feel so much for all the characters and uses every frame to make you love it that much more. Couple that incredible acting, marvellous camera work, and generally outstanding production value to create the best miniseries you will ever see. Incredibly well made, well plotted, greatly acted, amazingly produced!!! Everything but everything is great! The story line, how it fits with the true story, the scenes... speechless... Realistic, reactionary and scary experience! You feel the atmosphere. The sounds make you nervous and scared. You testify to history. An event could only be adapted so well. Better not come!<br/><br/>⭐ 100/97 Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgård deserve the Oscar ex-aequo to the best performing actor. Gigantic series. It tells what happened, what could have happened. It pays homage to the anonymous heroes thanks to whom there is still a Europe. And it also discloses the devastating consequences of...telling the truth. Strongly recommended Brilliant, highlights the true horror of the disaster. Certain scenes like "90 seconds on the roof" were easily the best and most intense scenes i have ever seen.
Could've been better though, if they did it in Russian with subtitles, realism is hard to portray when you have scouse firefighters, or someone called Emily Watson playing a Belaruisan nuclear techician (She still did a great job though) I watched this miniseries at home on a set of DVDs from my public library. It is presented in 5 episodes on two discs, each episode a bit over one hour.<br/><br/>The year 1986 was an eventful one for me, changing jobs and relocating to a different city, and also the USA's Challenger explosion in May. Also in May 1986 I also remember the Chernobyl nuclear plant explosion in the USSR. It was big news but those of us outside the USSR didn't really get much information.<br/><br/>This HBO miniseries is about that Chernobyl disaster. Episode one recounts the actual event, while the other episodes go into depth about the situations and people both before and after the actual plant explosion, with lots of investigative work to figure out how it all happened.<br/><br/>There is a large kernel of fact, the explosion itself, the Soviet system that was responsible, and the work culture that enabled it. However if you read independent analyses most of what is presented is fiction and much of it does not accurately represent the Soviet Union and how things really were in the 1980s. And the trial at the end is a very abbreviated and inaccurate telling of what happened.<br/><br/>Still the way it is presented makes for compelling drama. Good series but with lots of liberties for dramatic purposes and entertainment. I remember the Charnobyl accident as if it was yesterday. I lived in Poland during that time. I was playing outside when my mom called me inside telling me that we have to go to the hospital to get iodine pills.<br/><br/>HBO did an outstanding job capturing the horror people went through. Outstanding cast. Well done. Hbo Outstanding direction, script, score, photography, production. Most of the acting is good. There are a couple of licenses here and there, but they're warranted by the dramatic purposes of a 5-hours long show. They explain beautifully what happened. There's an eerie atmosphere over the whole running time, and I watched the first two episodes again right the next day. Kudos. 8.5 stars. Chernobyl is gripping, dramatic and dark, and so damn realistic at the same time. There really is nothing bad to say about this mini series. Congrats to all the people involved! Literally one of the best series I've ever watched. The acting was utterly superb. There are moments in this series that will amaze, horrify and totally chill your blood. The final words in the final episode are some of the most powerful words I've ever heard. Do yourself a favour and watch this series! Thank you HBO! We thoroughly enjoyed this mini-series from start to finish. I do appreciate that there are some inaccuracies compared to actual history. However if you want a well told dramatisation of the events this does it.
I guess if you are Russian or Ukrainian a lot of it may grate especially any of the inaccuracies.
Don't understand the 1star reviews. Even if you don't really enjoy it its never a 1 Star TV series. It's very rare when you watch great series like this. While watching it feels like everything happening around you. This series really give you tears, how the mistakes made by some people has to be paid by innocent people & animals, really horrible. I watched this when it came out originally and again recently. The cinematography and eventful episodes make a second watching even better in my opinion. 10/10 I usually never write reviews, but this series blew me away, so i had to do it. By the end of the last episode i felt myself holding my breath because of the intensity and the horribleness that happened at Chernobyl.
I am blown away by the creators way of telling this story, and i will recommend it to everybody, because this is a must see!<br/><br/>Truly amazed - definitely lives up to the hype! I am very excited about series and have certainly seen some ... But Chernobyl is a different league.<br/><br/>"Game of Thrones", "Walking Dead", "Black Sails", "Sons of Anarchy", "Vikings", "Band of Brothers" and many more treat "your" topic - good to very good ... But Chernobyl is different ... It goes to the heart, the nerves and the kidneys.<br/><br/>Although "just" a narrative of facts, without fantasy, exaggerated action, special effects or otherwise - Chernobyl is incredibly captivating, emotional and exciting.<br/><br/>Whether scenario, mood, actors, the oppressive atmosphere or the historical background - everything perfectly captured and implemented. Spiked with facts and figures that astonish the attentive spectator ... and shudder.<br/><br/>Destinies in which you can think into it and at the same time get a lump in your throat. You always catch your hand in front of your mouth saying "What a madness" ...<br/><br/>In memory of all those who bravely and / or unknowingly went to their deaths and had to sacrifice the consequences of this cataclysm. Chapeau to all those who have saved our world from worse. This series honors her memory! Watch this show.<br/><br/>Masterpiece.<br/><br/>
Supposed to have a longer review, but I wanted a short review. I've never reviewed a video work before, so the fact that I've done so should say quite a bit. Rarely do you find yourself in a position to vote 10 stars....so it's incredibly exciting to write this review.<br/><br/>What an absolutely fantastic production. Hits you deep at the core yet provides a historic and fascinating depiction of events.<br/><br/>A must see!!!!! I hope in the future if there's an authentic series which explains the war in Syria like that Uff, a hard account of what happened at Chernobyl. Such an incredible show. A must see, the actor is some of the best ever to be in a television series and the way the story is told is incredible Great show! Made with respect for those who lost their lives in the incident. When the series appears everyone speaks about how good it is.
And I don't believe that is a good series but when i seen the first episode i say "WOW" this is the best. I just want to say how amazing this piece of work is. I was born in USSR shortly after the accident and this mini series made me experience the dejavu, as the resemblance of the era is on point. Everything about this mini series deserves a massive thank you to the producers, actors and the people who have worked on this so hard and made an absolute master piece. Big shout out to the sound department, as I am into sound design for moving picture myself, I got to salute the team for their amazing work, you guys really made this project to 100 out 100. WELL DONE HBO, WELL DONE !!!!!! This poignant series is disturbing to watch but you won't be able to take your eyes off the screen! You're immediately pulled in and it doesn't let go till it's finished. It's respectful to the truth and lead by incredible direction and performances! This will be the best thing you watch this year. It's a tribute to all those who suffered through Chernobyl and also exposes the bureaucracy all over the world. I say all over the world, because though the show is about Russian (then, Soviet Union), there have not of tragedies have happened, only caused by men, from world war to Afghanistan.<br/><br/>The show starts little slow, but once it starts showing you the scale of disaster, you're in. It's hard to remember all the names of characters in first 2 episodes, but then you become familiar with them.<br/><br/>What I loved about the show is, it doesn't afraid away from showing you expositions, which were necessary for us to understand how human and government recklessness caused this tragedy. Only 5 episodes allows the makers of show to stay on the point.<br/><br/>The last episode starts of little exposition-ish and I thought at first, this episode wasn't required but once Valery comes, it becomes one of the best act of show thanks to flashback sequences to the the day of nuclear reactor explosion.<br/><br/>It's an unmissable series.<br/><br/>Rating: 10
Meaning: Classic Heart wrenching, informative, sensitive and compelling. The cast is superb, the acting impeccable and the fact that this is based upon a historical event makes it all the more poignant. To know that this is an account of what happened and what could have happened is terrifying. This is one of the most staggering events in human history, and one I knew so very little about. It is quite possibly the best thing I've seen on TV. Chernobyl dramatizes the nuclear disaster at Chernobyl Nuclear power plant, Pripyat, Ukraine. HBO has done a mind blowing work to portray the disaster in a thoughtful manner. Have enjoyed this mini series immensely. I was a teenager when this happened, so knew vaguely about it. The story written fir this series was so well put together, the characters draw you in and the overall look and sound of the show is so intriguing. A must watch! Most reviews are intelligentsia gobilygook; this one is both an historical document and literature in a tiny package. I am stunned! Extraordinary achievement! I was moved to tears by those scenes with the miners, they were exactly like that! (I grew up in a coal mining region of Romania in the 80s and my dad was an engineer there). But the whole show is immersive, authentic, compelling. Apart from the actual tragedy of Chernobyl, it shows you the real tragedy of communism: the lies. High recommendations... very nice mini series ... finished 3 episodes in one day ... I have heard absolutley rave reviews about this show and I have now watched all 5 of the episodes of Chernobyl and I thought this was a fantastic dramatic series that hits an emotional level more then any others. The premise of the show documents the Chernobyl disaster and follows the people who are tasked with trying to control this issue. Jared Harris plays the lead in this show and he does a great job, he is a truly emotionally driven character and he is the rational character of the show. You care about him and his plight as he tries to rationalize this disaster and he does an excellent job. Stellan Skarsgard plays the russian general in this show and he also does an excellent job in the show, he is a very powerful character and has a really good arc throughout the show. Paul Ritter in this show is amazing, he is one of the most despicable characters seen in recent memory and he totally owns this role and is hard to keep your eyes off. The rest of the cast also does a great job, every person delivers high quality acting and it just adds quality to everything to do with this show. The story is so emotional and powerful, you see different aspects of this disaster and it builds and builds to this amazing conclusion. The script is extremely serious and gives the appropriate feel to this show and gives the upmost respect to this real life disaster. The style of this show visually is amazing showing these tense scenarios and really building a great tone. However, I actually feel like this shows pacing is a bit off and especially around episode 3/4 the series slowed down quite a bit but this is literally my only negative for the show. Overall this is a fantastic show that should be a template if people want to do shows based on real life events. Amazing af. Everything from cinematography to direction it was amazing So dramatic!! But it's worth watching tbh
If you're so sensitive u can't watch it Fantastic, great actors, production, cinematography, special effects, everything! And you learn all you need to know about a nuclear plant!ðŸ˜‰ You cannot imagine the ultimate horror in this movie. A shining masterpiece. All I can say is absolutely brilliant in all aspects , I can't say anymore than you MUST watch this . This show is phenomenal and is on par or maybe even better then the night of, it's a must watch HBO has done it again absolutely fantastic This series is pretty much compact and crafted in a way without showing any extra drama... They kept it simple and sober that's what I like the most about it. I was ten years old when this tragedy happened and I always wanted to see the wider picture. Thanks to HBO I saw the side of the tragedy I always wanted - the human one. First episode is the best thriller I ever saw - i knew WHAT happened, just didn't know WHO's and WHY's and the answer is always the same since the inventon of fire - HUMAN FACTOR! Great casting and great example what happens when you count on too many "what ifs"... A treat? No, it's a tragedy - that would be insulting for the victims. Best TV show ever made? Surely... Are men good or bad, do our choices interfere only in our lives or on the whole planet? this miniseries is a landmark, it is a being and nothingness of Sartre, it is a fresco of Michelangelo, it has to be appreciated and assisted for years, preserved for posterity so that the lie does not prevail, so that the people of Pripyat are a lighthouse the truth remains Absolute stunner. How amazingly the all the events are portrayed in this series that I myself had a feeling that I'm back in 1986. So much intense graphics and music. Just loved it 10/10 I have no words to describe this series, BRILLANT, SADNESS, anger the best series I have ever watched. THANKYOU TO ALL YOU MADE CHERNOBYL I started watching this thinking it was going to be some dreary rubbish all I can say is wow it was brilliant from start to finish an absolute joy to watch knowing how accurate the details were made it even more enjoyable I never knew the truth of Chernobyl and I think many people who watch it will be as surprised and enthralled as I was. It deserves ten gold stars. Great acting with a compelling plot that is told in such a way that you feel for ALL the people affected by the meltdown. Worth every minute! It is very interesting to see how things happened back then. The show kept me from the very beginning. Couldn't wait till the next episode Perfect , I recommend it for everyone , they give us all the details with good actors and good timeline . When Viktor Bryukhanov is briefing Borys Shcherbyna for the first time what he is impatient to show is the list of the accountable individuals while a nuclear reactor was openly in fire!
There was a bitter humor there. Best commemoration those lovelies who sacrificed.we should learn from these stories like "1984" and "Animals Farm" that we should read and understand ((what's the cost of lie?)) This is one of the best miniseries to ever be televised. It's heartbreaking and beautiful at the same time. Each and every character was well played. I can understand that secrecy can prevent panic, chaos and preserve power but it's sad that so many people got hurt because the truth was withheld. Based on the real life nuclear disaster. Very short. Shot absolutely marvelously. Acting is also very good. Scientifically accurate. This show has a couple of fundamental lessons that humanity has yet to learn. A mix of competence, experience, righteousness and authority is hard to come by.
I will not comment on the accuracy of these events. I was never into history; but that is a mistake. I'm making the same mistake everyone else is making. We should learn as much as possible from these events. But do we? Ignorance is much easier. Is life too short to have a calculated and scientific approach on things?
Anyways, the show manages to portray a story that is hard to believe that actually occurred. So much power and responsibility in the hand of only a couple of men (or one). It is a great show that made me reflect weeks after I watched it; which make it incredibly good in my books. An amazing miniseries, probably my favorite. I was not aware of the extent of the disaster, nor the toll of the remedy. Compelling performances by all involved. Main series for me will watch it every month and i like it so much All the best. Best picture, best actors and really true story. I can't speak to the historical accuracy but, as a drama, this was incredible. Bleak, haunting, and utterly compelling. I was expecting it to be slow in places and to struggle with making the science accessible but I was hooked for all five episodes.<br/><br/>The dialogue is beautiful and the acting superb, but for me the real star is the sound editing. I imagine that it isn't easy to show an invisible, intangible threat with delayed but horrific consequences. But a constant low hum of background noise never lets you forget and keeps you uncomfortable and unsettled throughout. Best HBO series ever. This is even better than Band of Brothers. A different kind of horror, very intense. It is an amazing TV series based on true story but unfortunately too short !
You can see wonderful scenes of a nuclear powerhouse and its scientific and political problems also humans' sacrifice to solve a huge disaster consequences ! We have to enjoy this show as much as we can, because we do not watch such a true masterpiece every day.
Bravo 👏 This is the masterpiece since HBO's Rome s1. Just surprised how this story goes about historic fact. So dramatic and emotional than any other fiction. Best of the best. Amazing series, really showing the truth about Chernobyl The cast, the background music, the edition. The storytelling, the beginning, the final review of last minutes, the massacre of the best human friends, the exodus of Pripyat, it's the best series ever... PERIOD. One of the best series ever! It captures you from the start...with great personalities, graphics and story lines that leaves you amazed. This is an incredible combination of directing, acting, cinematography and soundtrack. It brings you inside every scene, every story, every decision with extraordinary harshness and power.
After watching an episode you grow a sense of unease that just doesn't leave you, it's like having a really good espresso, when you can feel that aroma persisting.
I'm 25, I wasn't even an idea when Chernobyl disaster happened, but this series made me live it, and feel it, in all its horrific sharpness. The same year they brought us one of the biggest disasters of history of television, they also brought us one of the greatest masterpiece of history of television. Thanks HBO, we still love you. Hell it's the best show ever on TV. After finishing it I had sleepless nights for days and every time I was online either I was searching about the disaster or I was studying various reports for the same. A must watch show you'll feel sick and sad after watching it because they didn't sugar coat it. But it will open your eyes how in case of accidents like these authorities works. I seriously used to think that no media can portray the horror of Chernobyl better than the game Stalker : Shadow of Chernobyl.
I was WRONG. I was expecting not to enjoy this, I was mostly driven by curiousity, but my husband and I watched all 5 episodes in one day, with breaks in between to calm down. Amazing. Amazingely done, informarice yet entertaining. Good acting and great info, gives an insight in how it wad back then, and how the government hides the truth Any other word will be useless. Chernobyl is what every other series should be. Better than any documentary, has a whole lot of information. for Accuracy of events, few things didn't happen the same way as the show. Sequence of events keeps you under tension till the end. The music is well matched with scenes. The effects for explosion and radiation are done in a very professional way.
Recommend it for anyone. Created an account just to review this series. Every element of this series is filming at its best combined with the additional factor of dealing with a true historical disaster and treating it respectfully. I put this on par with the"John Adams" and "Band of Brothers" series. Maybe better! I was shocked that a 3 minute YouTube clip would pull me in like it did and luckily I had HBO. I'm glad to see all the great reviews that validate my own opinion of this series. This series should be the model for all film makers. After watching it, I realized I knew nothing of what really happened in Chernobyl. Extremely well-written script, fabulous acting by all actors, mind blowing cinematography, directing and photography. Some of the best Special Effects I've seen in a long time. I truly can't say what was CGI or what was practical effects. A true story told perfectly! Simply amazing! Congratulations to everyone involved! I am still emotional after having watched the entire serie: brilliantly produced, played and directed, but also written. Unknown (at least for me.-) aspects of the catastroph were described with much sensibility. Thumbs up to Craig Mazin and all the people who worked on that brilliant, brilliant show. I guess the young generation can not really understand all the symbols in this series, as well as the atmosphere arround the event ( the Party briefings, the way they talk etc).<br/><br/>I was 10y.o, in Romania, and we were announced about this incident on 2th May, long after the radiation clouds were on the sky. I remember how the streets were empty, all towns were like ghost towns. This miniseries is on par with HBO's "John Adams" and "Band of Brothers", it some ways better.<br/><br/>Each episode is well structured and presents a new challenge. There's a perfect balance between personal stories, and the larger story. Performances are all perfect as well.<br/><br/>The attention to detail and accuracy is truly commendable. I loved every single minute of this show! Gripping, dramatic and binge worthy! Very important piece of art in today's culture. This show inspired me to educate myself better on nuclear energy, the Soviet Union and plenty more topics. The actors were So believable, wouldnt have casted it any differently. 10/10 for me Everyone pays the cost of lies. This miniseries is disaster. Love the work, all the actors gave their best. Everything is superb Riveting, horrifying, and intriguing all at the same time. It evoked such strong emotion due to the events being real. Took me through a roller coaster of emotions, from being sad to being mad at the Soviet Union for hiding a fatal flaw from its people. Absolutely worth the watch, it'll keep you on your seat and provide an accurate depiction of what happened in history. Hollywood died 10-11 years ago when the invisible hand decided that making very rare, yet relatively good movies isnt what the idiocy of today feels like paying $10-15 to watch in a theatre. While the last year of Hollywood's agony (2008ish) produced some timeless classics like "Burn after reading", "There will be blood", "No country for old men" just to name a few, the real talent migrated to HBO and certain series like this one. While most series are obviously useless and trashy, sometimes a real gem can find its way and make it on top, pretty much like those rare pre 2008 Hollywood movies used to do sometimes.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is very dark, there is no ray of hope in there, only silent death, doom and gloom, incompetence, naive spontaneous stupidity, betrayal, a huge country in the final stage of decomposition, poverty, misery and more.<br/><br/>Oh yes well.. its made in the most realistic spectacular way possible, in fact it shows USSR the way I remember it. From tiny details like Soviet cars and kitchen appliances to the grey masses who are devoid of individuality, who are homogenous and hopeless.<br/><br/>Whoever made this: congratulations! its you who deserve all those gold plated academy award statues, contrary to those who make endless movies about black women struggling with a constant gender identity crisis. Thanks guys and I mean thanks. This series makes me realise how lucky we all are that a handful of people were willing to carry the burden of terrible actions. It hurts your pride. It makes you feel guilty. It opens your eyes.<br/><br/>The story is the many lives lost for the sake of millions. An otherwise untold story, buried in cold war pride and censorship. Of lives given freely or taken with lies, so half of Europe is still a place we can live in.<br/><br/>The acting is rock solid. Script, timing and delivery of lines can make you laugh when you shouldn't. The mood and setting is spot on. The effects are limited to all that is required, The script makes incredible drama out of something that must have been exhausting reality. It's possibly the most difficult thing I have ever watched, and it rewards for the effort made to see it through.<br/><br/>I was 10 years old and living in England when it happened, I remember drinking UHT milk for a year because of the risk of radioactive dust on the fields. Living in the cold war era, with the threat of nuclear war ever present, Chernobyl almost felt like the end of the world was coming. I never knew how close it actually came. Just watch it! See the cost of soviet propaganda and the sacrifice of ordinary people. Great acting, set dressing and I assume some non detracting CGI. A gripping production throughout. Only a pedant could be driven to negative views ... wrong headlight/dust mask/ helicopter blade etc. As for those demanding Russian actors accents ... just watch the drama for what it is, high end production superbly crafted throughout from the costume detail to the set lighting, everything as good as it gets. What is the cost of lies?
#Chernobyl
Exceptional.
Absolute masterpiece in storytelling.<br/><br/>A worth watch series
The worst accident ever in the history of nuclear power.
"Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later, that debt is paid." 👏🏻
TV Series teaching more science then Universities..#Chernobyl
Great show to learn
Don't miss it What makes it from the best tv shows for me that it is brought from a real story. Also, bringing the facts in the last episode was been shocking This is one of the most important TV shows ever made. The actual disaster even though many know what happened is recreated so perfectly that it is still super shocking to watch. Stuck to the screen from Episode 1....a must watch for everyone!! As I watched this I constantly saw how lies and cover-ups caused this disaster and then made it worse. It shows that there was a lot of that in the former Soviet Union. But then I worry, doesn't that go on almost everywhere? I know it goes on here in the good ole USA.
My heart goes out to the poor people that suffered through this. And my praise for the heroes who made sacrifices to do the right thing. It was best tv series i ever seen with great ending not like game of thrones As usual for HBO, excellent show. The sets, make up and costumes were very authentic for the location and time. If you do not have a strong stomach, some of the scenes may be disturbing. I was hooked to every second because it portrays the human element of the event. It's not some cheesy show where they show deformed animals and babies. Instead it sticks to realism and delves into the human costs and mistakes.<br/><br/>Well done! We must never forget the unforggetable. We make terrible mistakes. It is a wake up call: lets change the way we Live on this planet.Stop climate change!!! Undoubtedly the most gripping, well executed, understated show to come out of HBO for a long time. It is truely the best show ever, it describes a real life tragedy in a very detailed way and it sure will make you feel the pain of the people of chernobyl.
I really recommend it! Came here to balance out the spiteful people leaving 1 star reviews. Grow up An absolute must watch! I went in to watching this mini series knowing a limited amount about Chernobyl but in such a short time you learn so much. Overall it left me disgusted in the human race and how we can treat each other. 10/10 This Series mesmerized me since the first episode. The feelings had been given over great! To add, it was really good, that they used utensils from that time and even the real names and characters. I only can recommend this fascinating piece of history in 5 episodes. Great job by HBO!!! Chernobyl, brilliant and harrowing drama. You must watch this. This move shows real feelings and real emotions living in that period. Every moment had you felling multiple emotions, showing the brutally and faliure of the Soviet systems, the heroism of the individuals involved. Moving and heartbreaking to the very core and not shying away from the true causes. After watching so many serials .....
So many lies and so many truths...
This is something substantial that will permanently stored in your heart .....
The power of truth
and the consequence of lies
Thank you HBO for this wonderful thing A perfect mini series showing the most disastrous incident occurred in this planet. One human error and some lies, caused thousands of deaths. The way how they visualized that period and portrayed the lead characters, the helpless people of Prypyat, some dying and some sacrificing own lives to save millions, along with the rising political tension of Soviet Union, careless government officials, and the hands of KGB in it, all combined in just 5 episodes; it's an epic piece of work.<br/><br/>You'll need to hold your nerve to see this. It's frightening, horrific, sad, depressing, emotional and hard to believe. I can only say that i felt the drama around this global manmade disaster, the actors, the sounds, the soundtrack all was perfectley executed imao! Will watch it again for sure! This series made in 5 episodes what another series couldn't made in 5 season.
Every thing in it was doing right and it make you feel the dig and how horrible this disaster was it give you every explain and every answer you want without make you feel boring or feel you like it was documentary. "Our goal is the happiness of all mankind"
"You put a bullet in someone. You'll never be you again. You're not you anymore. But then you wake up the next morning. And you are still you. And you realize that was you all along. You just did not know"
"I've already trod on dangerous ground. We're on dangerous ground right now. Because of our secrets and our lies. They are practically what defines us. When the truth offends, we lie and lie, until we can no longer remember. It's even there but it is still there. Every lie we tell incurs as a debt to the truth. Sooner or later, that debt is paid."
"To be a scientist is to be naive. We are so focused on our search for truth. We fail to consider hoe few actually want us to find it. But it is always there whether we see it or not, whether we choose to or not. The truth doesn't care about our needs or wants. It doesn't care about our governments, our ideologies, our religions. It will lie in wait, for all time. And this, at last, is the gift of chernobyl. Where I once would fear the cost of truth. Now I only ask: what is the cost of lies."
"In memory of all who suffered and sacrificed." It was really thrilling to watch this. This is what I was expecting from HBO, the producer of Band of Brothers.
Masterpiece! One of the best tv series 10/10. I would recommend i In ' 86 in October was in the Crimea, in Evpatoria, mom got! the permit to me in pioneer camp, there were children from Chernobyl. they looked depressed. only later found out what happened. I then checked the thyroid gland for several years, everything went well. it was feared that the radioactive cloud passed through the Crimea, but it is learned later passed to the West. Worth the commitment of time; amazing, gripping storytelling at its finest. I had no previous knowledge of the event minus awareness of it being significant and negative. The dread, depressive emotion it conveys is so well represented. Ive watched a good many of sad movies/series and they all leave a sour feeling afterwards this somber tale doesn't have that effect for which I have high praise. Totally worth it! Termendous story, superb acting and awesome cinematography. I grew up in North Wales remember the very limited news coming through that we got a large share of this radioactive cloud from Chernobyl days later. I came home from school as normal April day it was raining my folks made us strip and get in the shower while washing our clothes on a high heat for a very extensive wash. Watching this series I feel very scared for those folks living in close proximity to the disaster and the after effects. I had to watch this series with it affecting our area of the UK and what a fantastic series it turned out to be.Great acting from some very famous actors/actresses its a clear award winner at some point I've given it a very worthy 10/10 Great show was so interesting to learn more about chernobyl War is war... at least it some how logical. But this horrific disaster is scariest thing! Scariest cause it's not just TV series it's history of humanity on this planet. Atom don't give a *** who you are from witch country you are, to what goods you pray... it just kill's people. I wish humans will not make the same mistake out of stupidity or greed. This is just amazing and sad at the same time. I want to thank everyone who worked on this series. i myself am from post soviet and this film shows how it really was in there The brilliance of this show is at par with the horrors of the Chernobyl disaster, what an unfortunate comparison to make. Really sorry if it is found in bad taste, but that's what came to my mind.<br/><br/>Watch the show, learn what happened, for the cost of lies is high, but ultimtely the truth doesn't pay heed.<br/><br/>Kudos to the director and the entire team behind the show. This is a masterpiece which comes along once in decades.
It will grip you from the first second and leave you speechless.<br/><br/>As i mentioned above, this show demands to be watched, for it's sheer brilliance, dedication and authenticity (as much as any good depiction can be) and last but not the least for the brave souls who sacrificed their lives so thousands could live. Chernobyl shines for the vivid representation of every plot and storyline. The well executed shots of emotions and facts layered with admirable acting intrigues and irritates the audience. The details sticking to most of the reality adds the right edge it needed to fly and so it does. It is so spectacular. The way the have captured the entire disaster each element and each storyline, its captivating. The direction and cinematography is beyond exceptional. It truly showcases the real horror and the danger on which also reflects us as a society. Beautiful, terrifying, realistic and the most captivating show with the best acting performances. Don't miss it. I can not recommend this more. Anyone and everyone needs to watch this. When you read these words you feel that you are listening to all the things politicians are telling us !!!be aware guys it might happen again another Chernobyl somewhere around the world , again so many people are going to suffer and so many are going to sacrifice but who still remains the politicians that give us those lies and fill our world with illusion to use us towards their own benefits , this is something to remember.
ðŸ“¢ðŸ“¢ðŸ“¢ðŸ“¢ 'it is the cost of lies' ðŸ“¢ðŸ“¢ðŸ“¢ðŸ“¢
but there is something about this story amaricans has more information about Chernobyl than 911 why they don't make any movie about that I was glued from the 1st to the 5th & last episode.... It could've been fiction such is the unbelievable situation that transpired .... before and after the horrific incident and OMG the utter magnitude of the managerial ignorance and stupidity ..... but again we see how truth can be more interesting and compelling than any fiction ... if told correctly... and this series Nails it very well. The show is very accurate of the period and really hits home with story telling and makes you feel like you are actually there.<br/><br/>One of the best shows I have ever watched, everything from storytelling, cinematography, sounds etc. is just perfect and true to the period and actual events that have happened.<br/><br/>10/10 Fascinating and frightening. Compelling and infuriating. The scary thing is with mans incompetence and arrogance this could happen again. The casting is great!
I only wish they would have made more episodes!
Way to good for only five episodes.
A second season following other persons faiths would be nice! Watching this show was so captivating the tension building was a masterclass of the cinematography the actors were so good they definitely need to go home with some Emmys
Jared Harris what an amazing actor he makes any scene so captivating and Stellan was really great.
Great job to the HBO team for doing this after a bad year with GOT they really did save the 2019.
A big 10 to the director and the creator. This is the best series so far I watched..the way they have shown the truth is outstanding.. I absolutely and totally enjoyed Chernobyl, it was brilliantly done and it did not disappoint. The acting and actors was top-notch and the storyline and script did not bore me at any stage.<br/><br/>The film & acting team did a great job telling the story of such an unpleasant topic, that to date, still largely remained a mystery and "hushed" secret although its part of our world history...<br/><br/>Brilliant! Incredible....amazing.... superlative.<br/><br/>Make yourself a favour and watch it. I saw the preview for this show while watching and episode of Game of Thrones and it was making me sick with dread so I told my husband that I wouldn't watch it. Then had a friend tell me that it's a great show and told HER that I wouldn't watch it...then I heard about the great reviews and decided to give it a try.<br/><br/>Well I had to stop a few times in the first few episodes because of the sick feeling of dread I got from watching, but it really is a great show. Sure, the science and history isn't 100% correct and they're not speaking Russian/Ukrainian/native dialects, but it doesn't matter. It's not a documentary. The point of this show is to drag the viewer into the exact feelings of dread and confusion and fear and disgust that the real people affected by this event had felt. It exposes the politics/lies that put citizens in danger and the cost of all the lives of the people who helped contain the disaster.<br/><br/>In bringing the viewer right into those feelings, this show is completely successful in it's aim. Just look at all the reviews from the people who lived through it. This show gives the viewer an understanding of how this disaster affected everyday people and acts as a warning about the people in charge trying to cover up real danger for the sake of money and their image instead of actually caring about the people they make decisions for. I sat in silence for one of the first times in my life to watch this show. Every day I would check to see when the next episode was coming out. The acting is unreal it felt like I was watching a documentary Nothing can prepare you for what you're about to see. You will be unnerved. So deeply unnerved that you will need to take a moment to recenter yourself, to move your body, to clear your mind, and to bring yourself back to the present day. You will be devastated. So incredibly devastated that you will start laughing at the sheer ludicrousness of the circumstances, because only laughter is available when tears are not sufficient. But most of all, you will care. You will find yourself caring desperately for every man, woman, and child who sacrificed or lost their lives when the power plant in Chernobyl exploded. Even the ones who lied.<br/><br/>This is a profound piece of television. Watch it now. Incomparable - a TV series that is terrifying, haunting, eerie, human and rousing without at any moment veering into corny dialogue, exposition, or preaching. The first two episodes are the most terrifying episodes of TV I have ever seen and manage to combine surreal horror, attention to detail, along with an almost Lovecraftian otherworldliness. It is really hard to describe the haunting intensity of the depiction of the Chernobyl accident, and it is no exaggeration that this is something that will stay with me for some time and that I will return to.<br/><br/>The acting is excellent, as is the scripting, cinematography and pacing. It does such a good job of explaining the complexities of nuclear reactors while also leaving viewers feeling as uncertain as those drafted in to help.<br/><br/>There's not much else to say other than to feel that this is a masterpiece that achieves a level of seriousness that will not be matched for quite some time. At 38 years old, I am ashamed that I never knew the horror of what happened at Chernobyl. This captivating, heartbreaking, thought provoking series has well and truly opened my eyes to the sheer horror that befell those poor people! This should be shown in schools and colleges around the world! Absolute credit to all those who put this miniseries together! Like the writer of the show, about 6 years ago I too wondered why Chernobyl happened & went down a rabbit hole on YouTube that explained what happened on that fateful night. I got immersed into why it happened, what caused it, etc...
This miniseries is done so well, it makes you feel like you're right along side with them. This show is perfectly done. The places the characters all resemble to original ones. And the direction is also fantastic.loved it. What a masterpiece! We are talking about dark stuff at the highest level, like the legendary first season of True Detective level. Only this is a true story. And the creators did a good job in order to keep it historically accurate. It really deserves the number one spot it's right now and hope to see more like it. Not a big fan of TV series.. but this one is a "Masterpiece" Chernobyl leaves you numb, and devastated. It also teaches you a lot about human nature, flawed ideologies and some things about Totalitarian Governments. As an outsider, it would have been difficult to understand Chernobyl without the genius of the makers of the series. Raw, precise and enigmatic.<br/><br/>The dark USSR environment was created in a very subtle yet honest manner.
The exemplary acting only complemented to the in-depth research and analysis that has gone in- in the backdrop. Splendid work in the department of direction, cinematography, costume design, script and dialogue writing.<br/><br/>Perhaps that is what it takes to pull off something astonishing.<br/><br/>My heart goes out for the victims of the disaster and their families. My heart also goes out for the animals who had to suffer and then die for no fault of theirs or mother nature's. This Sky/HBO co production has been hailed as perhaps THE great drama of the modern age.<br/><br/>It probably is.<br/><br/>What you see playing out over the 5 episodes isn't just the 'disaster movie' of what happened at Chernobyl in 1986 but a horror in the true sense of the word. Here the horror isn't an extra dimensional terror or a giant prehistoric monster; it is both the core of a badly designed nuclear reactor and the cold, bureaucratic, arrogance & stupidity of the Soviet era totalitarianism that allows it to blow.<br/><br/>
Fighting this seemingly invincible foe comes a heroic army of men and women desperately trying to contain the almost otherworldly power of the reactor - something Jared Harris' scientist describes as never having 'happened before on the face of the earth.'
The initial explosion and following weeks are the stuff of nightmares where unprepared and unprotected workers and rescue services struggle in vain to control the literal Pandora's box that has been opened. The reactor itself with its core burning like the heart of a demonic star and tortured, twisted metal work reminiscent of tentacles, isn't portrayed as simply a piece of malfunctioning engineering; it is almost a fully fledged Lovecraftian nightmare of violent radiation and death that threatens to overwhelm all of Eastern Europe.<br/><br/>The real monsters, however are the party bureaucrats that have allowed this to happen and the heroes fight is as much with them as it is with the radiation.
Gripping, terrifying and (if other reviews on here are to be believed) made with impeccable period detail, this really does deserve it's plaudits. One of the finest TV shows I can ever remember seeing. The whole production from the acting, directing, cinematography and music is just captivating. This terrifying account of what happend in 1986 truly puts your hairs on end.
My 14 year old son is studying Chernobyl at school, but I can't let him watch this because it is so emotionally disturbing. It was educational for me too. In the final episode they really break it down for you on how nuclear reactors work.
The visuals effects are great, the music score and back beat amplify the emotive detail to really pull you into the event.
Definitely one to watch, I am sure this will become a timeless classic. I actually avoided watching Chernobyl because I though the topic was too grim for me, i heard about a nuclear disaster there but nothing more. Of course, after the amazing reviews it got universally I had to watch it and I binge watched all 5 episodes and It was absolutely amazing, easily one of the greatest TV shows ever made in my opinion. A lot of people including from Russia and Ukraine have already said how accurate this series this which is great. The acting is wonderful, amazing cinematography, a lot of tension as well. As someone who's not even remotely connected to Chernobyl I can only imagine what it must have felt like to many people who were living near like area, all those memories coming out, it's incredible. The show also shows the Govt corruption and lies and politics and stuff and also heroism of various people who gave their life for the greater good.<br/><br/>Lastly, A must watch series, one of the greatest TV shows ever made. This just great, very well made historical mini series, after watching this, there is no wonder why there is so many cancer on earth these days. Wonderful cast, hypnotic soundtrack, thrilling scenes, amazing reconstruction of hystorical details in Soviet Union.
I can forgive some excess of pathos (for example: the 3 divers don't die after their work despite the show seems to suggest it) because everyone who risked or lost his life there must be celebrated with eternal memory Best mini-series I've seen. From the biggest explosions to the tiniest details you can see the time and effort put into every scene. Heart wrenching at times RIP all Chernobyl's martyrs
I didnt know before that ukranian People in this period have all this threat
Nuclear emissions really panic to all humans One of the best tv series I've ever watched.
It shows exactly what happened that night, the responsibilities of each person involved and the conduct of the Soviet party that try to hide in every possible way the accident and its causes to the world.
The final trial scene is great. On 26 April 1986 the Number 4 reactor at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in the Ukraine exploded and caught fire. This is the story of that event, the aftermath, how the real reasons for the incident were covered up and how one man fought to reveal them.<br/><br/>Quite brilliant. Absolutely enthralling for all five hours of the series. Shows the disaster unfolding, the incompetence that hindered quicker action, the ingenuity and sacrifices that prevented an even bigger disaster unfolding and the eventual revelation of the truth behind what caused the incident. The censorship, fascism and paranoia of the Soviet regime also come in for some brutal scrutiny.<br/><br/>Quite chilling too. The effects of the extreme radiation are very graphically depicted, making the series initially play out like a horror movie. Healthy people walk into buildings and are quickly turned into walking corpses. Others are destined to die more slowly, and you know this, so you keep waiting for the signs that the radiation has taken its toll.<br/><br/>Great performances abound. Jared Harris is superb as Valery Legasov. Good performances too by Stellan Skargard and Emily Watson.<br/><br/>Worthy of all the hype surrounding it. Is perfect in every way
The most serial ever
Actor are amazing and the director also The pace, the acting, the casting, the effects, the score, everything is just utter perfection. I have never experienced a show like this before. Needs to be on everyone's bucket list Its really a masterpiece with every possible details. How far one can go hide one's mistake. Loved it must watch. This is a truly sad and heart-wrenching show. Highly recommend it This is simply the best TV-series I have ever seen. Feels like superb fiction, but stays close to the facts of a historic tragedy. Stunning actor performances. Made me cry like a little kid in the end, that's all I have to say. It's a must watch for everyone. An absolute masterpiece, well crafted and organized by the writer and director. Tells the origin story of Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant Disaster (Pripyat, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union 26th April 1986). Recorded as one of the most fatal man-made disasters in history.<br/><br/>As a movie and tv-series lover: I highly recommend the series.
As a human being (and admirer of truth): I urge you to know the reality of an unknown catastrophic event.<br/><br/>Those who already knows the summary of this story, I also highly recommend you to know it very explicitly through the series. It's so real and well done , I seen raw videos of this on YouTube and it's so similar. The show's amazing depiction of a Soviet system and the show's creativity to enlighten the viewers about a historical incident, is remarkable. I absolutely did not know a single thing about the historic Chernobyl incident, but the show was very enlightening and amazingly put together the events in 5 episodes in a way that I did not miss a single detail.<br/><br/>I cannot stop thinking about this series. After I watched it, I am searching and reading about it everywhere. Very well made. This is how you educate, entertain and bring history to life. This is one of the most gripping accounts of a real event that changed the course of history. When Chernobyl happened, I lived in Bosnia, former communist Yugoslavia, and must have received a minor dose of its radiation. I am Slavic, like Russians, and what I want to communicate in this short review is that HBO did a masterful job of replicating the cultural and political atmosphere of that time. Chernobyl absolutely immerses you in how things were at that time in that region of the world. It really shows you what it was like to live at that time on the other side of the Iron Curtain. Of course, the event itself is almost out of a science fiction novel, where the fate of an entire continent is at stake. It is also a tribute to the unsung heroes of Chernobyl, a human story, and a story about the power of science for better or worse. Excellent writing and choice of actors too. A must watch. This miniseries is truly something special. From technical standpoint it is near perfect. The cinematography is hauntingly beautiful, the music is eerie, the acting is phenomenal...<br/><br/>Perhaps it's biggest strength however is the atmosphere. This series is terrifying. Absolutely terrifying. More so than perhaps any other piece of TV/cinema I have seen in a very, very long time. The fact that it's all a true story just adds to the horror.<br/><br/>One thing that I applaud the creators is how they managed to turn the radiation itself into a character of it's own. Almost like a horror movie monster, except it's everywhere, you can't see it and it's effect are horrifying.<br/><br/>When the final credits started rolling after an incredibly well done epilogue, I was completely overfilled with different emotions. Dread, sadness, melancholy, but perhaps most importantly gratitude. Gratitude to the creators for bringing this story to TV and doing it justice. Because this series deserves all the praise it's getting and will surely stand the test of time as a masterpiece. I believed that no mini series would ever eclipse Band of Brothers. This is a masterful work right up there and might be the finest television series ever created. It's a show that I watched and then thought about for days. Driving to work thinking about Chernobyl. Cutting grass... Chernobyl, walking the dog... chernobyl. Just wonderful It's gripping, jaw dropping, intense and tv perfectly made in every aspect to keep you engrossed in every scene. It deserves all the plaudits. "Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later that debt is paid."<br/><br/>Shows you how far we've come from that era of absolute pride, mistrust and secrecy among rival nations. Secrecy regarding even the most inconsequential of things. Relationships between rival nations today are still far from the truly united world ideal but at least on important things such as space travel, superpowers can ask for and receive help from rivals, even when relationships are frosty, to the extent of the US shutting down the space shuttle program early because they know they can always hitch a ride on the Soyuz from Baikonur.<br/><br/>Absolutely brilliant piece of filmmaking to tell a story of the impossible that became possible with grave consequences, all because of pride and lies. I think the way they recreated everything following the story to the detail, makes this so authentic and impressive that is a very well done show. I've always been a sucker for the whole Chernobyl story and read a lot about it and I think they have done a great job! Everything about it is amazing truly one if not the best "show" you will ever watch. We need more shows like this. Absolutely fantastic. I was transfixed. Jared Harris is an amazing actor. All the actors did nothing but stellar performances. The story could have been told by the Russians but it wasn't, and no one would have believed them anyway, so I'm glad this production was made. Believe the nearly perfect 10/10 rating, this miniseries deserves cinematic awards. Truth is often stranger and more difficult to believe than fiction, it can also be just as entertaining; this film does not disappoint. Started watching the programme today and had to watch it all in one go. It was that good. The actors did a brilliant job with their authenticity. This programme has it all, the cinematography and filming makes the story-telling come alive and it is so factual that any one who watches it goes away knowing that much more about the horror that is Chernobyl. This a real masterpiece and a real depiction of a catastrophe. The details are amazing and you get that feeling that you are living the events with them. HBO has just opened a new era and not only about how to make thrilling mini-series. With Chernobyl it's created a new genre of realistic movies. A new standard has been set.
A painfully true movie is all I can say. I' Romanian, born in 1974. Nobody told us until 5-6 days late. May 1st was a free day and we went to picknick. We came back in the afternoon and seemed strange to me that no kids were playing outside. It was a beautiful day and in our block of flats neighborhood there were tens of kids my age. I met my friend and asked him to get out to play and he told me "Haven't you heard at Radio Free Europe about the accident at the nuclear plant in USSR?". Unfortunately, I haven't listened the night before to the radio.... After that they gave us iodine pills at school, and we listened to radio.
Communist atmosphere is so exact. And the series is the best. Congratulations. Just finished last episode of Chernobyl.....
I didn't think it was going to be THAT good... and I gave all the other episodes 10!
Don't know what to say now.... just watch it, make everyone you know watch it... make your kids watch it..... everyone must watch this programme.<br/><br/>Contents:
Information, lots of smoking, occasional naked miners<br/><br/>Plot:
Bang! Oops, why did that happen?<br/><br/>Writing/Acting:
All the plaudits, all the awards to them<br/><br/>Stunning television with a perfect finale.
I might have to watch it again. Best TV series i watched on HBO this channel always give us amazing series, i felt really in Chernobyl city when i watched it the directing is amazing too it's really deserve 10/10 Breathtaking and absolutly amazing show...it was so good and now is end of the show ... but you know dont be sad when its over, be happy it happened, HBO great work with that show... I've been a person who studied the Chernobyl accident for a while. I've been to Pripyat. I'm no expert nuclear power plant operations but have a background in chemistry and nuclear science. This show is far from perfect in terms of history or science - but this is TV perfection. i think the historical and scientific inaccuracies could have been fixed but either way - this is excellent and there needs to be more shows like this. Many places in the show appear exactly as they do in real life. Simply amazing. Chernobyl brings the heart breaking story of the nuclear disaster in Ukraine in 1986. The plot and portrayal by Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgaard is simply and truely, a grand success. The story is poignant, to the point and engages viewers instantly. The photography of the whole thing is another inspiration. Overall, a terrific show. Parallels Breaking Bad and, sorry to say, beats Game of thrones. The best I've seen in my life. Deserves the highest marks. Must see every person on earth and learn the truth. I finished Chernobyl last night and I have been watching it every week when a new episode came out. The serious is brilliantly horrifying. It shows the true reality of Chernobyl. The series makes you beyond angry at the arrogance and ignorance of some people but also heartbroken for the treatment of the workers in the Chernobyl nuclear power plant and the people living in Pripyat. The acting is fantastic, I don't think there could be a better cast. I imagine Chernobyl will be nominated for many awards including Bafta's and Primetime Emmy's and I won't be surprised if it wipes the floor with other shows.
I would highly recommend. Chernobyl isn't just a documentary, it shows the accident and the impact from a personal perspective.
I have never watched anything better. 3 things that stood out to me in this movie and will remember it forever.<br/><br/>1. The sheer gross negligence, incompetence and arrogance that led to the series of events that led to the meltdown despite warnings which could of been avoided<br/><br/>2. The heroes that went into or near the reactor once it exploded knowingly it was more than like either going to kill them quickly or shorten their life's terribly.<br/><br/>3. And lastly I'm not sure how accurate they portrayed the people in hospital dying of radiation sickness, but for me that them images are burnt into my mind and I couldn't think of a worse way to die. It would of been a kinda fate shooting them once they couldn't administer medication or pain killers.<br/><br/>
Everyone working in a nuclear power plant should be made to watch this not as a bitter reminder of what happened but to make sure it never happens again and to be professional all times.<br/><br/>The acting was fantastic it made me feel their uncertainty, pain, confusion and panic. By no means it was far from an easy watch partly because it's true what happened but in a strange way it wasn't a heavy watch either. Definitely worth a watch I knew a little bit about Chernobyl but my word I only new the tip of the iceberg after watching it. I amazed, how authentic every single detail in this show: tape players, watches, cars, suits, uniforms, apartments arrangement. I felt it was great that for once Actors don't try to speak English with Russian accent (otherwise they would hire me). But, there is a very minor drawback - Gorbi and for that role I would hire rather a Ukrainian person You see Gorbi has an usual Russian accent. IT WAS SO SAD TO FINALLY HEAR AND SEE WHAT REALLY HAPPENED ON THAT TRAGIC DAY OF APRIL 26, 1986. THE ACTING WAS SUPERB AND IT MADE ME FEEL LIKE I WAS LIVING THROUGH THIS HORRIFIC INCIDENT. KUDOS TO HBO FOR PUTTING OUT ANOTHER BLOCKBUSTER SERIES. How wonderful the science is in efficiently generating electricity from nuclear power plant and how terrifying the dangers of it if the reactor explodes. Thousands of people died with the explosion of the RBMK reactor in Chernobyl. The staff working on it that day didn't know anything about the test that was undergoing but weere forced to do it and how worse the soviet Union(KGB ,central committee) was in keeping it as secret of their negligence in purchasing cheaper fuel rods which ultimately led to disaster while pressing A3-5 ( shutdown reactor sequence ) button.
Excelllent acting by Jared Harris who made the series look more like a reality rather than some serial drama!! Utterly fantastic and gripping.... A real account of what actually happened in great and gory detail... No punches pulled when it comes to the human sacrafice made by so many brave men!...
My only wish is that the court hearing was a little more informative and the findings given in better detail.... Other than that.. Totally faultless... Johan Renck was able to capture the attention of his audience from begining to end by; being a master at directing the cast, making every scene and shot count, and respecting the audience's intelligence.
To make us fear the two unseen horrors of 'radiation' in the first couple of episodes and 'corruption' in the last and induce that sense of gripping dread throughout every minute with no actual creaping monsters or jump scares is the work of a true master. The only series which clearly depicts what really happened at Chernobyl nuclear disaster. After all of the soviet lies, the series really tells what happened there. The performance, cinematography is all just amazing. So far the best series ever made in history. The details it tells os just so historic and true.
I highly recommend it to watch. As an American who was born in 1986. This story has touched millions of us Worldwide. This really tells the dangers of the cover ups and lies that were going on while this catastrophe unfolded. It could have been prevented by the proper protocols in place and that the plant's workers were informed of the right information regarding the Reactor's guidelines and how it works. Too many red flags lead to one thing after another and by the time they tried to solidify the massive problem it was too late which lead to very serious allegations within the USSR at the time after the Disaster. There definitely was some very troubling untrustworthy officials who
downplayed the magnitude of the Chernobyl Nuclear Disaster and the attempt to cover up was astonishing and preposterous. I believe and many before me and after me believed that this was what brought down the Soviet Union in 1991, due to the lack of trust in the Russian Government during and after the Chernobyl Nuclear Disaster. There were lessons learned and warnings must be heeded that no one should never ever have to go through that deadly catastrophe again! Things must change today because the dangers of Government Cover-Ups are adamant as of today's society! Chernobyl is a best tv series in 2019 so far ,the incident occurs and a political situations at that time was clearly portrayed . some of the scenes were so intense , while watching the series we feel that we are involved in that accident .This series shows me a impact ,terror caused by a nuclear power plant ,most of scenes , locations resembles as a original ones .and DOP was so excellent , director succeeded in potraying chernobyl conditions ,we will never regret after watching this masterpiece I created an account so that I could rate and give Chernobyl a 10/10.<br/><br/>It is perhaps the single greatest piece of film I've ever seen. Not much can be said that hasn't been said in other reviews. This mini series deserves to be seen by everyone.<br/><br/>"The real danger is that if we hear enough lies, then we no longer recognize the truth at all." Everything is precise to the last detail on Chernobyl. The challeging task of telling a story that everyone know mostly about it is conduced with greatness. The script is builded with so much sincrony and timing, leding us to be surprised by every act. Acting by the way is superb and characters delivers a vivid experience of the facts. Photography is within the highlights, with colors and scenes that are just too beautiful. Music adds so much potency to the whole picture and has the power and softness precisely portioned.<br/><br/>Chernobyl has the honesty of telling the story on the size thats necessary, and creates a perfect story compressed to right numbers of episodes. Chernobyl is a masterpiece. This is the moment when reality overcomes fiction. Sometimes it's hard to watch because you know that this actually happened.
Totally worth it. The best mini series so far. The tragic events of Chernobyl were transferred perfectly, the horror, the loss, the pain. A disaster that haunt a lot of people till today. Watch it now!!! I was in the West Indies when I learned of the catastrophe at Chernobyl. Insulated as I was from real-time media, it was days later, in May of 1986, that I came to grasp even a portion of the implications.<br/><br/>Now I have a better understanding of what is and, most importantly, what might have been.<br/><br/>And HBO has again risen above expectations and delivered television that hits us like a major movie production. The research, the writing, the storyboarding, the sets, the directing, the casting, the acting...<br/><br/>Chernobyl is my pick for at least one if not multiple Emmys. Bravo. I saw once again how frightening the disaster was. Jared Harris once said in an interview that the system was wrong. it was so meaningful and true that there is no need for another word. because this tragedy emerged entirely from people's ambition and ignorance. And the system tried to cover up this ambition with lies. and made the mistake there. all the world states, all systems must take precautions to prevent new catastrophes by considering this disaster. from this disaster, not only the soviet people, but the whole world was affected. many people from my family died of cancer for many years, and continue to die. Maybe we may be a generation born after this tragedy, but it has also affected us. For future generations, urgent measures should be taken to avoid the same mistake. If nuclear energy is desired, it should be considered a thousand times. There is no sensationalism, car chases, sex or violence. This is an intelligent dramatisation of the Chernobyl disaster. The acting is sublime and understated, and Jared Harris carries the show brilliantly. I would, unreservedly, recommend you watch this. Even Russia couldn't make a movie like this...
Liked every single scene in this seriesssss
Bravooo An absolute classic. This is up there with the very best television ever made. Perfect mix of dramatisation and factual retelling of a horrible event in history. No other word for this series STUNNING<br/><br/>It is also MOVING HUMAN SHOCKING BEAUTIFUL I had to create a profile just to rate it. This is one of the tv shows that has touched me the most and it is more scary than a horror movie. I guarantee you the you will enjoy it!!! I've never reviewed any series before, not even GoT that must be the top reviewd show of all time (for good and bad). but i needed to review this. this touched the soul and heart. so well done, so well directed, so cohesive and written in a manner that anyone understeand what happened. i wish the crew who created this masterpiece are up for new shows, telling the world more facts about our species and our history.
thanks for this Absolutely superb, right down to the closing credits of the final episode.<br/><br/>A real eye opener. Such a powerful show. Outstanding performances by all the actors fantastic writers and directors This episode was amazing, a quick class about inorganic chemistry, about the secuence that lead to the disaster and the aftermath, perfectly narrated, every scene was perfectly filmed.
This series will be shown in the future on history classes to know about chernobyl and its consecuences, its truly a masterpiece and left me speechless.
In memory of all who died. From the day i saw the trailer, i immediately told my friends about this show but no one seemed to care but i was determined to watch this show at all cost. Cue on the the first episode from the opening scene i was hooked on when Jared Harris said " The real danger is that if we hear enough lies, then we no longer recognize the truth at all". After that even with everything happening around me i never flinched because i didn't wanted to waste any moment (silly of me i know lol). With the next three episodes i kept seeing if they had any lapses in the real cleanup of Chernobyl and Prypiyat but i do understand that the writers did it for a cinematic purpose ( Ever since i was young i have been studying about the Chernobyl incident. )<br/><br/>But what truly got to me was the last episode, the trial of Buchanov, Dyatalov and Fomin. The way it was directed the cinematography everything about that episode was perfect but it was at the end credits that i did cry because of the true extent of the damage of the event which could have easily been avoided but three extremely greedy men decided to act on their will and made others suffer while the got off easily. Pure brilliance and they've captured everything perfectly. Harrowing and brilliant at the same time. By far the best thing ever on TV. The visualization of suffers and sacrifices of people in Chernobyl with themes of horror. This was absolutely a masterpiece. I wasn't aware of all the detail surrounding this disaster, and the way this has been written and developed did it true justice. Outstanding acting, terrifying and traumatic to watch, at times, yet a piece of history that is good to be told and understood. Excellent! I was not even born The Day it happend. I was born in 1991. This series Will hit you like a tsunami of feelings, worries and interests. I have a relative that was outside bicycling in The Rain The days following The accident. With a very tragic and painful result. We are all sure its because of Chernobyl. Thats it. Thats why it gets on your mind. Because its real. And we are afraid of it. Let it never happen again. There is real heros in this show and real evils.and both of them are human.I think it is fantastic show. We watched all episodes. Last three on the exact day they were released. Me, my teenage daughters and son and my wife. My family they were initially not that interested but after first episode converted into series addicts. I was a kid when it happened so I could relate a bit. But the historical details are irrelevant. The story is told in such a way that we couldnt stop watching. Great work of screen writers and actors! Thank you for creating and sharing such a wonderful work! I've never watched a mini series before where I get goosebumps every episode due to the magnitude of emotions I felt.
Top class writing and acting, well done!!!! Simply. Fantastic. Truly eye opening and brilliant performances from all. Real true horor story! This is the best tv show in maybe decades! Chilling, scary, sad, unbellivable! From the first episode, I was hooked!<br/><br/>This has been an amazing mini series! Thank you so much HBO! This was the most intense series I have ever seen. Every episode was gripping and the actors were superb and the atmosphere was made more intense by the sound of the Geiger counter. A must see to appreciate the sheer horror of what really happened that fateful day in 1986. Should never be forgotten. This series deals with such detail and proficiency in editing. Haven't seen such great work in a long time. Even a layman can understand the operation of nuclear reactor and what happened at Chernobyl after watching this series. The episodes are so intense and realistic that leaves the viewers with the unsettling thoughts on the human mistakes.<br/><br/>Either in terms of unfolding the actual incident as the cost of lies or bringing the spectacular screenplay, Chernobyl proved to be even better than any fiction series that ever can be. From explaining the minute details behind the incident to covering the bigger picture of political/non scientific reasons behind the tragedy, the crew had done a fabulous job.<br/><br/>Hands down, One of the best tv series in recent times from HBO, especially after screwing up GoT final season ! Heart breaking truth which every human should know. This show will help many people like me to know about the truth. About false promises our government makes. Lies they tell and truth that is far from really can sometimes only be felt can't be seen. If u love those Natural Disasters and the cause happen w.r.t those disasters, Chernobyl is a true show of true facts wat happend in Chernobyl...
Wat an awesome way of the show...
Every character and every detail shown in the series is almost same to the real things that happened.
HBO has made one of the best again. Nothing more to say than what had been already told by other reviewers.
Just another 10/10 from me.
My advice: just... watch it! Possibly the best TV series I have ever seen in my entire life. I find myself struggling to put into words just how imperative this recreation is to witness by all who have given their lives to verisimilitude. To the truth, to knowledge, education, answers to questions... Research. This medium was crafted so long ago so few dare to ask if Television & film had a purpose beyond amusement. This series is by no means just a bit of light entertainment. Nor should it be watched by those who prefer to waste their lives watching others make an idiot of themselves to compensate for their own mindless existence. The duplicity of the Soviet Union is all too familiar. It is ever present in our own lands & lives. Every day lies are spread as sensationalism, promoted by morons blinded by pride, social status, avarice & nefarious stupidity.<br/><br/>Millions of people are under the same rule as that of the Soviet Union. You are under their thumb to carry out tasks which benefits nothing & no one. Every part of your life is premeditated by the state, & any deviation is met with obstacles, punishment, social admonishment, & you are presumed radically impugned.<br/><br/>The damage to the environment at Chernobyl was both immediate & on-going. The deaths convinced the world of the truth despite all the lies. Can we not learn from this? Do we have to wait for a million more deaths for the lies of our society to be defied? Or do we listen to our scientists who have been warning us of climate change, plastics pollution, the extinction of species & so much more.<br/><br/>Every day I see people all over the world reduced to mere puppets & simpletons. They are stunted, & denied education so long as they can carry out the same demeanial tasks every day. They are discouraged to think & discover methodology & facts. And are instead allowed to believe in practically anything they arrive at. Belief truly is the demise of reason.<br/><br/>A side effect of societal suffocation is denial. Worse than that; so few people even care about our fate & if there is a way to stop the fuse which has been lit. Perhaps there is no "AZ-5" button for us at all. My family & friends are quite contempt with letting their heads be filled with insidiously picayune soap operas or balefully shallow reality shows; most of which are mere 'prisons for the mind'. They porn off the responsibility to consider ANY concept outside of the box onto state officials, politicians, & congressmen, when deep down we all know that this deviation in reconciliation results in repudiation of our reality.<br/><br/>This retraction from rational thinking is precisely the environment in which the Soviet Union bread for the Meltdown at Chernobyl to occur.<br/><br/>This recent mini-series may not be real. The people are portrayed by actors, the music composed, the footage shot & edited in post. Yes. I accept this. But I also acknowledge that the devastating power lies within its' dedication to the depiction of reality, thanks to those whose adherence to information with no latent motives, were met with capital punishment or life-long slander.<br/><br/>Thanks to these veritable individuals, & their sacrifices, we have a Europe still hear today. But unless we follow their examples, the world may not be here tomorrow. The truth may frighten you. You will find less enjoyment in fighting the ideology that brought you here. You will have to admit that your lives were a lie to benefit those you aspire to be. And you will have to find motives other than greed & distraction which this now obsolete system has demanded of you for what seems an eternity.<br/><br/>There is no "shut-down" button. We don't even have a control room.<br/><br/>But if we have a race of people who are less concerned about nationality & more inspired by preserving life, the truth shall prevail, & we shall have a chance. What an amazing show. Just the best way to learn about an important historical event. It me engaged from start to finish. So emotional and I really feel for what they went through at Chernobyl. I can't recommend this show enough and I will be telling all my friends. This is a masterpiece to watch. It's great how they broke it down and were able to describe everything down to the second of the actions that happened there. Defiantly worth watching, take the time to learn the history and watch this amazing show! The acting,Cinematography,music,direction, everything ....top notch.Every detail is accurate. After finished the final episode, I can comfortably say this is the best mini series/tv program I've seen. Incredible filmmaking, acting, and a score to haunt your dreams, Chernobyl tells the deep story of the nuclear disaster. I hardly knew anything before, but I plan on watching this again several times. An important show that all should see. Razor sharp historical accuracy (for the most part) and riveting in every scene. Tone perfect acting and basically everything you could possibly want from a show about Chernobyl. Should be released as an extended cut on blu-ray with deleted scenes. This is the story of what mankind is capable of doing into the destruction of the environment and the planet as a whole. The lies and misinformation created by politics and the men behind it.<br/><br/>Watch it and let's hope that mankind learn something from it.<br/><br/>To the creator, producers, director, stars, and the production crew, I would like to commend you on a job well done ! This is one of the scariest TV shows I've ever seen...and it's all a true story.<br/><br/>From the haunting music, good acting, right writing, and great cinematography, this is one of the best mini-series I've ever seen.<br/><br/>I have trouble sleeping at night after watching a few of these episodes.<br/><br/>Would definitely recommend to anyone that likes documentaries, historical dramas, or even horror. The Soviet Union was a scary place. Title says it all. Kudos to the cast and production for making a masterpiece. Amazing mini series.. hooked from the start to the end!! I was amazed about this movie with its very good visual description of the Eastern Block.<br/><br/>Positive:
1. very good props and visual description
2.good storytelling about the events unfolding during / after the accident
3.the first episode gives a good taste about that how an emergency situation looks like in a plant<br/><br/>Negatives
4.all props used and we can't see new soviet things, but it is hard to found anything "new" after many decade ( example Pripjaty and Chernobyl was a brand new city / power plant at the time of events )
5.The capability and role of KGB very overrated . They wasn't omnipotent beings capable to filter every information and every article.
6.The background of the accident was blamed onto political decisions, but most probably it was due to the rush to finish the plants, and to get out the maximum performance. So the root cause of the accident wasn't the "politics", but rather than the "result first, safety second" culture, as visible from the test preparations ( not shown in the series ) .<br/><br/>
Finally, a shocking parallel: the 2011 Fukushima unfolded by similar way. They haven't had "good " geigers in the case of Fukushima, they had reactors with serious design flaws, they wasn't properly trained to contain the catastrophe, they haven't had proper equipment, and they didn't know what happened, only months (years) after the events. So, the no 6 is true for USA/Japan as well. A series that focuses around a disaster that is so engrained in the history of the Soviet union you feel like you were part of it. You have a sense of understanding from the first episode that makes you want to watch more and more.<br/><br/>A realistic account of what happened in 86 which is made extremely intricately.<br/><br/>The fact it's been delivered in English shows the range of audience it is aimed for - an excellent series. Someone who never lived in the Soviet world would not be able to recreate such authentic details of everyday items. Thumbs up for the Lithuanian crew who helped with that.
It gives creapy feeling of nostalgia probably to everyone who remembers that. When GoT ended, I felt that HBO would never return to its former glory. That show was an institution, a global phenomenon that could not be compared to anything else on TV. But then I watched Chernobyl. Instantly, the show hits you with a wave of dread, terrifying you not with jump scares or ghosts, but with truth and facts. HBO has another hit on their hands To hell with your deal.
To hell with our lives.
Someone has to start telling the truth. Chernobyl is by far the best TV show I have ever watched. Its brutal, powerful and extremely hard to watch; but it does a superb job of portraying the everyday heroes that gave their lives against overwhelming odds to protect millions from one of earth's greatest catastrophes. Personally like the storyline of Chernobyl. Story goes in a smooth way that we can understand easily what's going on. I never knew this was actually event occurred when I'm started watching the series. Definitely the series giving honor to the workers that died. And shows extreme condition of workers after explosion it's really heartbreaking scene. I'm still wondering these all things are made by humans. we're making ourselves in trouble by utilizing natural resources of our Earth. I'm sure either we will kill or Earth or Earth kill us. I think it's pretty closed to reality. I'm waiting the final chapter I have been waiting for this show and it hasn't disappointed. I've been on the edge of my seat. This US/UK production is very dark indeed and it is also one of the best TV shows ever made.<br/><br/>Everything seems so real and I quickly got over the fact that everyone in Ukraine and Russia was secretly British. It is a fascinating look at bureaucracy, incompetence and heroism. Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard (apparently the only person in Ukraine who wasn't secretly British) deliver superb performances as do the rest of the cast. Everything about this show oozes quality. Till date, I was a big fan of GOT however after seeing this I can safely confirm that Chernobyl has to be the best TV series till date.. I never used to rate/review anything online especially at IMBD, however this time I had to come as I m so thrilled about this TV series.. I hope HBO comes out with these kinds of products in near future as well. Research is a key part to telling a historical event. The details in this show are amazing, the use of actors that look haunting similar to the real life individuals is one if the best parts of the show. Everything in this show is about details and they definitely got everything right. Right from the start, it draws you in and you feel the intensity of what happened. Highly recommend. I've watched a lot of shows, and this one might just be the perfect way of depicting a historical tragedy. It may change a few people or events in the story, but I can't argue with that since its adaptation was flawless. If movie executives could figure this out, then maybe they wouldn't be a struggling industry right now. Engineering and Science schools everywhere should
make this required viewing for all of their students. One of the best TV shows I've seen in a long time, up there with Deadwood and The wire Great tv show, too bad it's mini series and it doesn't last too long. Its great series with good music and actors. Its same like one of bag novels I'll start by saying at the time of writing only four episodes have aired. If Game of Thrones has taught us anything, its that a show can start strong but end up finishing rather weakly. Baring a inconcievabley terrible fifth episode it will go down as one of the greats. Not just one of the greatest miniseries ever, but one but, one of the best series period. I will say it's unfair to compare it against a show that has ran for multiple seasons, when it will run a mere five episodes. The quality of the show speaks for its self though. If you watch the first four episodes, and don't believe it's pound for pound one of the greatest shows that's ever been on television, you need to get your head checked immediately. This series is a wonderful blend of suspense and horror. It will terrify you in ways you didn't know you could be terrified. There's plenty of death and despair to be found in Chernobyl, but for every heartbreaking moment there's one of triumph. Chernobyl at its core (no pun intended) is not a happy story. It doesn't gloss over or shy away from gruesome moments. It uses those moments to add to the overall story. I would definitely recommend this show to anyone Almost every scene has a grey component which sets the mood be the building, concrete or even the sky. It keeps you hooked without any effort as it gives a sense of continuity . The pace is well set and the viewer is not made to rush into many things at once. Master class. Thank you HBO for this mini series.
This is agood story about something happen in the past. This show is literally perfect. Perfect pacing, haunting, disturbing, interesting. Amazing acting, great cinematography. I really don't have a singular complaint about this mini-series. Hbo has outdone themselves. ... but in absolute awe...
The show amazingly depicts the horror of normal that surrounded one of the biggest disaster of the area in every single detail - from the story, which is documentary like, the amazing actors, details of scenography and audio paradise in both music and sounds....
Wow, just wow... Very well done.. The story, the playing and all done good, I recommend to watch ti! Everyone already has a vague idea of what happened at Chernobyl on that unfateful day. What we just saw as an industrail accident was infact a calamity of unproportionate scale. This show takes us to the very epicenter of that disaster and make us witness the real-life horrors and the human suffering that resulted from the explosion.<br/><br/>It will be tough to watch at times and makes us really feel for the people who were actually there. Really commendable execution of the show! This show shows the horrors of an event that many people all over the world remember happening, but can't explain exactly what happened from memory. It is simply one of the best mini-series to date! I went into watching this knowing a fair amount of what happened when reactor four blew. This show blows me away with each episode. I've said to several people that it's been a long time since I've felt uncomfortable watching something yet Chernobyl does it.<br/><br/>It's a terrifically unsettling show that keeps you literally on edge and knowing that potentially anything a character does, whether it be eating, drinking, touching an animal or bit of food can be deadly due to the radiation. Everything about Chernobyl shows that it fully deserves to be the number 1 show on IMDB. Perfect from start to finish. Gripping, factual and horrifying knowing this tragic event took place. Shame it's only 5 episodes! This is just WOW simple as that!!<br/><br/>What can I say other than it's simply the best thing on tv at the moment, Very good tv series, brutal, shocking and something everyone needs to see. It's rare that I mark something 10/10 but this is a true masterpiece. The way it depicts reality is staggering - it shows exactly the zeitgeist of that era and why it should never be repeated. The main plot almost feels secondary as you catch yourself stuck at reading between the lines. Even though its just a documentation of one of the worst disasters in the history of mankind HBO has done a brilliant job with the series. Hats off to HBO.
This show is simply brilliant. 👏👏👏👏 Really great! Really scary to see how it all happened 10 . The best mini series ever. I love this series One of the biggest positive surprises this year.<br/><br/>Great production setting, great actors, great story.<br/><br/>In advance I thought that it is like a Titanic movie, meaning that you know how it starts and how it ends anyway.<br/><br/>I live in Germany and I remember when it happened.<br/><br/>BUT, since it happened in the Soviet Union a large part of the information was not disclosed in the 1980s. Therefore I did not what really happened.<br/><br/>It is a also movie which honours the men who died that many others can live and despises the men who were responsible for the disaster due to there incompetence. This show is great, and even teaches you a few things! Great work HBO!!! I love how this show mixing up the documentary, series style.
the facts and the small details is wonderful.
the acting is great.
being a mini series gives every episode a big dose of thrill and action.
love the show An impressive way for a story of this magnitude to be told! The best TV show of the moment, excellent. Teachers should put it in schools. It perfectly recreates what happened in Chernobyl. Fantastic, captivating, harrowing, heartbraking, and highlights the heoism of ordinary men. A shocking insight into the disaster. Truly chilling and so sad to watch. The series does an amazing job in depicting the human sacrifice to save millions of lives. A must watch. It's no spoiler what events transpired so many years ago. But this show gives a very visceral look into the darkness of what happened. The acting is top notch and the cinematography is stunning. There is no better show in my opinion on television today with this caliber of entertainment. Power plant catastrophe...very relatable ..as I work in a power plant. Can feel the pressure and emotions involved....administrative pressure coupled with real practical situations ...very well shown ..can feel every bit of it You can see how politicians screw things up. Endless sacrifices were made by common people so others could live. They were brave beyond measure. Thank you for this GREAT job!
And at last you showed Horbachov real as he was - a lier, coward, hypocrite, a mean subject who panically was afraid to take any responsibility. And that was his order to lead out school children on the May 1 1986 for a parade in Kyiv.
The Western people must know what and who Horbachov really was, in t his film he is shown real, - I blame him for this catastrophe. This show is amazing on so many levels... Storytelling, acting, scenography. It is amazing that western cinemtaography actually started making realistic movies about Russian modern history rather than from classical black and white perspective. I really love the scenography, amazing job. We also forgot one of the biggest accidents in human history so this mini series come as a good reminder. It is also very educational and gives basics on nucler physics and nuclear medicine. And finally it is a story about all those small heroes that never went into the public. Once again, amazing job HBO, you really are reshaping the definition of TV show. I've always wanted a movie about this story and this is just disturbingly amazing
its a must watch show and a terrifying story that you'd love to hear I was waiting for a while for a series like this, that tells the real story of the unbelievable disaster, instead of turning it into horror or entertainment. The series really manages to convey not only the facts, but also an incredible sadness and emotional impact. It feels like a requiem for Chernobyl. After the first episode I felt contaminated through my screen. I also love the casting and acting.<br/><br/>Some reviews I read where critical about the absence of an Ukrainian/Russian accent. I however support the choice, it would be unnecessary and even annoying to have these very english actors act with a fake accent. An accent would make it less believable in my opinion, instead of more so. Hi there, this is the 1st time I make a review ever so I guess you know why.
the story line is catshy, the delivery is so good, I lived every moment and it helped me alot to understand the damage that the nuclear weapons can cause, the soundtracks, everything is high quality. shout-out to the cast and the people who made this masterpiece, I highly recommend it. One of the best TV series ever
So sad what happened in Chernobyl Got through my veins and opened my eyes towards the nature and environmental damage we all are doing .
Will always be on top of my list of web series and documentary. No matter from which angle you watch it: cinematography, sound, music, acting, storytelling, setting... It all comes together in a true masterpiece.
Never ever did I watch the episodes twice in a row, but this time, I did.
It feels like "The day after" for another generation This series shows us how Horrible that disaster was.
This series does justice with that Disaster, and are not mimicking the victims like many show does. Perfect absolutely phenomenal and brilliant I love the first episode so much it's deserves 10/10 brilliant work thank HBO thank you for the director and for the hole cast good job. Fascinating and terrifying and true. Beautifully made, incredible actors. Will hook you in immediately. I had a drawn-out review with many incredible things to say but decided to say: just watch the series, it will not let you down. I like this show very much and it us a true story and I think it will be the best show in the world Hbo is really going on it!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>The best so far. Comes after got When i read the plot i said to my self " meh . This is going to be just okay " oh man i was wrong , not a single second goes to waste on this show. The acting , the atmosphere , the writing ... everything you hope for is on this show Absolutely amazing!! Wow, a proper epic production.... on the edge of your seat kinda TV!! You'll start to question the very air you breathe. Absolutely incredible show. HBO does what it does best. But with 'Chernobyl' they may deliver one of the most important assessments about something that can only be dubbed a human catastrophe.<br/><br/>From the acting to the writing to the camerawork and especially the make-up this series explores one of the darkest moments in history and it never fails to go to the next level. 'Chernobyl' doesn't break new ground in television, it doesn't try to impress. But never has the format of the mini-series been mastered this way. It is honest, educational, realistic, shocking, emotional and, all in all, one of the best television shows to ever hit our screens. I thought the first scene was a bit over-dramatic, but after three episodes, I am willing to give it the 10/10 should it keep up this quality. And I have a feeling that HBO, like me, is still holding back and the best is yet to come. This drama is so shocking but so acturate. I was 12 when it happened and it brings it all back. Well done to everyone involved. Amazing acting, amazing production. At the age of CGI and low quality there is a MIRACLE. For a long time my eyes,brain,ear was not attached to any show like Chernobyl.<br/><br/>Hard to say anything if there could be a chance to rate 20 points from 10 this one would be the beat candidate. I think this is the best show was created last years This is simply unbelievable TV. As brilliant as it is, it also quite harrowing and quite unimaginable that it is a true life event. What these men and women did to amend the disaster is worthy of sainthood. To think that we were so close to ruining half of the globe with 1 disaster puts everything into perspective. We are all living on borrowed time if this is anything to go by. It is a must watch but i would advise not to watch multiple episodes in a row if you value your life. You could well be looking for antidepressants afterwards :( Chernobyl miniseries, made by HBO, is a phenomenal movie-series about the disaster that was the greatest threat to wipe out almost all of Europe. The cast is wonderful, the actors faces really resemble the Slavic faces portrays the feel of 1986 Ukraine and USSR just remarkably! I'm from Kiev, Ukraine. I've been to exclusive zone a few times... Movie looks decent. All the locations, costumes and atmosphere is authentic. Great job HBO! This is horrifying. Truly great telly, best show I've watched in a donkeys age. This a great mini tv series about a horrible nuclear disaster really good thanks all It is really brilliant show its make you feel like you with them The perfect description of what happened there ! I highly recommand this tv show ! I saw so many series before that. But no doubt that, it is best one. Seeing that plenty of serious situations that is based on original story. Well, Chernobyl disaster is so much attractive topic in the history. This series also informative aspects as well. So well done (so far after two shows).
I'll never forget it... An unbelievable reenactment of a real life catastrophic disaster.
Superbly acted with a fantastic cast. Amazingly reconstructed and perfectly set. It shows just how bleak and devastating the accident turned out to be. A chilling reminder that sometimes we reap what we sow. Unfortunately human error and pure ignorance causing so many needless casualties.
Gripping stuff. This show is great. It doesn't do anything too complicated, it just tells the story in an honest way and has moments of real drama. For example, the scene at the end of episode 2 was terrifying. I cannot say anything that hasn't been said in the excellent reviews here. I truly feel a little contaminated after watching just two episodes. Here in the USA, our movie industry has done a superb job of depicting this fairly recent disaster. Very good so far i love the cinematography and the atmosphere of an imminent danger In my mind this serial is best mini series ever! and we want 2-3 seasons! This mini series went above and beyond with reality of the story... from small details to the whole story! Great series i felt like it's a decomentary not series because it is so real This series rocks you to the core. Very, very scary and fighting a very old fashioned and dangerous bureaucracy all the way. The directors are interested in maintaing that soviet atmosphere from the 80's .
Actors are ok, plot is interesting enough and not predictable. The grit and alarm shown in this show is unparalleled. I just finished watching episode #2 and I am equally intrigued and scared. The acting and writing is perfectly woven over raw visual of what may have been the scariest event the planet has suffered since WW2.<br/><br/>They have done an amazing job at explaining through drama the severity and complexity of this catastrophic event. Banger is an understatement. Where else is there to say? Seeing children, on that infamous 'bridge of death', dancing in the fallout under a glowing, ultraviolet, radioactive sky.
Devastating.. Typical western-world propaganda about how bad USSR was. My father was there and I can state that a lot of things from movie are real lie. I haven't managed to get past the first episode because the use of english put me off so badly. it comes off as very inauthentic. as good of a production it may be, that really cheapens the whole thing for me. sorry hollywood try again x For such a slap in the face of Russians, it is imperative to also create a series of 5 parts, but about the truth of the flights of Americans to the "Moon". Will he score as many points?)
Americans and british love to seek out the truth from others, but for some reason never at home !!!
Therefore, the feeling of watching is twofold. The series would be good if it did not have a secret intent under it - to expose the Soviet people as irresponsible slackers, who cannot be trusted. "What is a lie worth?"
This expression must first glue on the forehead of all the Anglo-Saxons!!!!!!!!!!<br/><br/>ps the expression "Comrade" was very funny to listen to.
ps2 I had to send Armstrong with my friends to the roof. He is an expert in this, since he maintained much greater radiation and is still alive))) Along with the veracity of the events themselves, the authors absolutely lie about the USSR. Too much propaganda husk. Vodka, matryoshka, earflap, bear! Hello from Russia :)) Filmed well and authentic. But do not believe this farce completely. ItÂ´s been a long time since IÂ´ve really "felt" a film. This miniseries is incredibly well made. The acting is great, the production and the score is awesome.
It is so scary and so sad you can almost feel being there with them. This disaster happened in a town that belonged to Russia in the 80s, now it belongs to Ukraine.
I only wish the movie was done in ukrainian and/or russian with english subtitles to feel it more genuine. Russians also make great dramas, IÂ´ve watched a few and this is why I think I would have enjoyed it much more listening in their original language. There are a few fatal flaws with the show which I will outline:<br/><br/>1) The female character who 'figures everything out' and saves millions of lives is pure fiction, and based on an amalgam of three male scientists, which is what I've read in a number of articles. (Without knowing anything and watching it, I suspected her character was fiction.)<br/><br/>For this, I take off 6 points.<br/><br/>2) It needed more character development in the beginning. We're thrown into the thrust of the disaster, without hardly knowing any of these people. Remove three stars for this. Bad storytelling. You need at least an episode to set things up, there's no rush to get to the disaster itself - we know what is coming.<br/><br/>For this I remove 2 points.<br/><br/>3) Not much time given to explain WHY the disaster happened. The first episode and second could have dealt with this, and showed all the wrong steps that led to it.<br/><br/>For this I remove 1 point.<br/><br/>I think the rating is high because it does depict a tragic, scary event in a fairly compelling way at first, where the audience begins to feel the fear and gravity of what is unfolding, as characters are not mentally grasping it until later. But I'm a bit surprised at the rating, because it can get a bit boring, too.<br/><br/>If the above issues were fixed, I would obviously give it a much higher rating. More care should have gone into crafting the miniseries from a story standpoint, and a Mary Sue should never be used, that is intellectually dishonest and misleading, if you are presenting a real event. Visually, this mini series is stunning. That's all there is, though. For me, the first episode was a bit entertaining, the next four were just boring. But I don't take this as much of a negativity - they took a disaster and tried making it into an entertaining show. There's only so much one can do. I'm mostly bothered with the following two major points.<br/><br/>1. It all looks like USA propaganda from the cold-war era. Visually, they created a Soviet Union that looks like a world from a Hollywood post-apocalyptic movie. The onl ything we needed was Will Smith and a dog, figthing the evil (Soveits) that was left after humans dissapierd. Every single shot of every single human structure (apart from the presidental palace) looks like nobody has been there for 50 years. Everyting is rusty, dirty, paint falling of, about to fall apart, nothing works. All people are grumpy, angry, mean, dirty, etc. It looks like the makers of this series really wanted to poot horns on these evil communists, but this would be a bit too politically incorrect.<br/><br/>2. To me, it comes of as anti-nuclear propaganda. In reality, nuclear technology is the opposite, it's maybe the best source of energy we have, also taking into account impact to the environment and the number of people it directly or indirectly affect in a negative way. After watching this series, nuclear looks like the biggest evil there is. Well, after the Soviets of course. A korean movie called "Pandora 2016"
Chernobyl casts stole the whole series from it..
Same concept..
Same atmosphere..
Same cameras.. Its all the same.
Even the story & firemen Everything's literally the same..
I dont know! But this is disappointing This series gonna break your heart and soulðŸ˜­ðŸ’” because of its high quality and perfection, I loved this series , and every scene in the last episode especially the last part of it made me cry a river of tears ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­ðŸ˜­.
Thanks to all the cast of great actors and actresses for this great performance and Thanks to HBO for this magnificent piece. The greatest quote from a television show. 'We're on dangerous ground right now, because of our secrets and our lies. They're practically what define us. When the truth offends we lie and lie until we can no longer remember it is even there. But it is still there. Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later that debt is paid.'
Valery Legasov I don't recall ever making a review for a TV show but with Chernobyl I just had to.<br/><br/>The shows makes a realistic blend of feelings and scenarios that would take place in the Soviet Union, the script and attention to details was just incredible. This show is a representation of humanity's moral conflict as well as a perspective on the values and aspirations we live our lives by.<br/><br/>The story is very compelling, thrilling and is very well paced. A bonus is that along being one of the best shows I have ever watched, getting more knowledgeable about nuclear reactors and shedding light on true stories of history is indeed a unique value.<br/><br/>I recommend this show to anyone who has ever wondered what Chernobyl really was or just wanted a short well done slice of life thrilling series<br/><br/>Hands down 10/10 Of course, many Russian politics will say everything is false here; i cant blame them cause this will happen with any country with any disaster. Happens everywhere. Where is the real guilt , a guy over there, or a technician over there; rest ? Nahh, goverments or politicians is always less guilty.<br/><br/>So the quality of the series comes from here; it is just like "real world"; it is like just some big disaster happened as if today; what is the long term effects, can a similar disaster be avoided if enough information is shared?<br/><br/>But shame, this is the basic instinct that provides lies, the very basic of humanbeing. One cant be honest enough to say "i m cheated by my wife" or " yes i pissed on my pants" ; cause basic human always thinks "what if someone tell me that, laugh at me or i lose something in the end", so shame causes lies; same for a country.<br/><br/>This is a drama series, dont think it is thriller/mystery; and not a documentary as well (cause no movie/series cant tell exactly what has been faced after this explosion ), in the end simply watch and believe many similar things will happen in the next disaster that will happen in your country (hope it never happens).<br/><br/>Thx to the reader; regards One of the Best Narrations with exceptional storytelling. BG score accompanied the intence in screenplay. Last but not least, every actor's lived their roles After hearing all the hype when this mini tv series came out I finally got a chance to watch it. Its been years since I last learnt about this incident back in high school and it brought back so many memories and research when I was undergoing HS. the film depicted the crisis in an amazing cinematography, story-telling and the actors were all so amazing with their roles. Every episode had me on the edge on what is yet to come and what was happening during the accident. It also made me think on ways how they would overcome the situation and ways to solve it! It really got me thinking!! I know most of the mini tv-series was dramatized towards more of the politics perspective and all the lies that they had to pursue, but I was expecting more of the cities reaction or perspective. But I also enjoyed the perspective from the control room, the firefighters and the scientist! It really made me feel the status of 'hero' to those who tried to solve and overcome anything bad from Chernobyl. Although, something that really got my thinking and wondering was how would this mini tv-series be with full Russian dialogue. Would it make the series more realistic? I bring this up when the first few episode provided those Russian recordings about the accident. It felt more real to hear this and really got my thinking what if... Overall, the mini tv-series was incredible and had me on the edge of my bed from watching! I only have one word for this: WOW.
Sorry I can't say more than that. This is one of the best mini-series ever made. Very good acting, a real story, very good direction. Only problem is that, some actions in series actually did not happen. I think this is a bad point. Because of that, it is 9/10 I'm from Latvia. Near Ukraine. Usually i don't rate and comment because i don't think opinion shared on internet matters.
BUT! This time i had to do it. I was born 1987. My parents told me when Chernobyl striked they was shocked. Later when i become adult i found old soviet dosimeter at my home that was purchased by my father to understand the risks. Really i don't know is Chernobyl guilty but i have strange pathology called 'Horseshoe kidney' and i don't know what is the cause. May be it was the pollution caused by Chernobyl all over the Europe or may be no, who knows. One thing i have to admit, when i was growing in 1990x - 2000 i was very unhealthy child.
There is Youtube channel called 'Telecon documentary' there are several documentary video recordings from reactor-disaster site filmed by the government agents. Can you imagine that miners who was digging tunnel under reactor to cool it down was stopped in the middle of the work by KGB agent and asked to give an interview? Don't believe me? go watch it with your own eyes! Soviet propaganda machine worked even when disaster happened. Also there is channel called 'urbanturizm' that contains approximately 16 hours of content from Russian STALKER who visited all the places in Chernobyl including the room where the clothes of fireman stored, if you are interested you can see all the Chernobyl zone in his videos. I won't leave any links because i think its' not allowed to do so.
Many years i was investigating and studying Chernobyl disaster. Reading documents and watching rare video materials! and i have to say this film, acting and story is 10\10. The best I've seen in years! MUST WATCH! Thank you all who was involved saving the planet from this disaster! God bless people who don't afraid to tell the truth even under fear of death! This series is the best picture of what communism really was! Communism was based on lies and deception, which ultimately had led to this horrible tragedy that could have cost millions their lives. Amazing series that depicts the reallity extremely rawly but you just cannot stop watching after first 5 minutes. I watched the series in one breath and am still contemplating how exactly I feel about this. So sad that many people died because of radiation only because some people were too proud of admitting they knew absolutely nothing they were doing. Sad story, amazingly depicted! Must watch! Great TV Show, Perfect writers, Talented cast. Stalin's like Behavior of the Shift Manager in the nuclear department was shocking. He treated his inferiors like garbage, and no one was above him to stop his madness. Is there a lesson in this series? I think there is which is ignore the scientists at your peril. It is not a pretty story or an unknown one but it is important to know it and understand what actually happened and why. Cutting costs that risk lives is not the right of a government. Hiding the truth from the public by any government is not acceptable. This is not so much enjoyable as informative but it is not a documentary. There are at least three well known actors who know their craft and deliver fine performances. It is well written and visually clear and descriptive.
Reviews with low scores are not fair as it is not supposed to be a thriller or an action series. It is explanatory and insightful and lets us know how this happened and also why. I thought of an analogy with the scientists warning about climate change and that we must act now rather than later. We have done so much damage to the environment like was illustrated in this series and for no other reason than greed. Power also caused this and that can also be seen in our present world. Human beings are so flawed. The last episode was the best with the court room scene so for the people who stopped watching after one or two episodes and then gave it a low score you were unfair because it needed to be analysed and understood in its entirety. This movie is one of the best movies i ever watched... this movie made me really think about the things that happened during this time.. I really recommend this movie... Worth... there really is a lot of truth in this movie and it makes you think about all the consequences and victims at that time..I strongly recommend everyone to look at it Each and every shot, each and every frame, each and every scene is just a master piece. All i wanna say is this enitre writer director producer team should make a mini web series on Bhopal(india) gas tragedy. I was 10, living in central Europe, when Chernobyl happened. I clearly remember mother wouldn't let us go outside for 10 days, all of my toys laying around backyard were thrown away. I hated her for that, and now I'm grateful. Thankfully, my dad who was engineer explained to me what is radiation and how it spreads... Years later, I studied physics, to be more precise astrophysics. Now, 33 years after the incident I'm watching this show with my husband who is terrified with grim scenes from the show, but I as scientist am amazed how accurately physics is depicted in the show. This show should be studied in history and science lessons around the world, it is a masterpiece! One of the best tv series by hbo. Looking forward for more titles by hbo Amazing series. Great acting, very good story telling. Love to see the most best serial about Chernobyl, very nice scenes abd senario Greatest way of picturing the reality
My review is too short i know This series is probably the best series I have ever watch the story telling and the horror factor blend in so well and the terror of something that happens is great HBO, crew and staff have done an incredible job to bring back these times and these events. So powerfully and so emotionally deeply depicted the big scale of Chernobyl tragedy and the "small" tragedies of everyone involved.
The Empire of lies must stay in the past and never come back again, because the Soviet system and how it manipulated with people must be responsible for Chernobyl tragedy. First off this mini-series gets about 90% of the real story right the rest of the 10% is all dramatization, it's incredibly accurate to what historical sources state.<br/><br/>The acting in this is top notch, the atmosphere is top notch, the dialogue is good but could have been better in places however it does not hamper the rating I gave.<br/><br/>I will warn you, this mini-series is going to take you for one hell of a roller coaster ride psychologically and emotionally. Game of Thrones might have had fictional monsters and wished imaginary characters death, but this will make you hate some real people and some of those real people are already dead, and it will make you feel pain for those that needlessly suffered due to incompetence, arrogance, greed, and pride. The real monster here is not so much the invisible radiation that tears you to pieces on a molecular scale, it's the people.<br/><br/>The makeup artists in this did a phenomenal job making the dying look like they should have.<br/><br/>The worst part about the 3 biggest nuclear disasters; (ranked least to most devastating) Three Mile Island, Fukushima, & Chernobyl is that ALL 3 of them especially Chernobyl were all entirely preventable if proper procedures had been followed and cost cutting implementations were not a factor.<br/><br/>Amazing - This series is simply that, amazing, the quality and detail are simply amazing, need I say more.<br/><br/>Frustrating - You will get frustrated at some of these real people and their comments/decisions, you will yell at your TV. Meme's have already begun circulating on the internet about some of the worst ones.<br/><br/>Accurate - With a 90% accurate portrayal I would say it's accurate, certainly more accurate than what Russia/USSR states happened in official records.<br/><br/>
When watching this series please do not forget that there are many ways to do nuclear energy and that the RMBK reactor design at Chernobyl would never have been allowed to operate anywhere else in the world due to it's design flaws. I was pro-nuclear before watching this series and I am still pro-nuclear now, just with a healthy respect for the power we borrow from the atom, and I am now more than ever pushing for molten salt reactors and thorium like the ISMR and LFTR designs. There are meltdown proof designs like IMSR and LFTR that have been around since the 1960's, I implore you to research this before condemning a technology that many know so little about. I was not born in Pripyat or Ukraine around the time but I was born 5 years later in Eastern Europe 800km from the disaster. I spent hours browsing through my family photographs when I was younger. I could say clothing and hairstyles look authentic.<br/><br/>The cinematography looks beautiful and relays the feeling to the viewer. I felt uneasy for a few days after watching the show considering how close we were to being wiped out in Europe.<br/><br/>From what I know of people's stories and history it shows the pitfall of Soviet Russia - the state is never wrong and if the state says it is right, then it is. On top of that it is shown how people are 'asked' to dig tunnels and drain water. The society is shown as complacent and unable to protest which is a true representation of that time. The state was more worried about its image than people's welfare.<br/><br/>The show still has some personal stories which show kindness and touched my heart. People did what they had to do and sacrificed themselves. Some of them died instantly, within weeks and thousands of lives were lost throughout the years.<br/><br/>The only issue I had was actors speaking with British accents. I think it would make it more authentic. Best Short Series in TV History
Focus on the disaster accurately and beautifully .. Make the scenes merge with the events and sympathize with the characters Outstanding story writing, direction, cinematography & a brilliant star cast ! Should sweep all the awards this year ! Rare gem & a must watch ! 10/10 for HBO good work. I wish I never heard for town Chernobyl or had reason to google it, this is scary and it's real. Once you see this series you realize how lucky you are to live your life. I'm sorry guys. This would have been so much better if they used Russian actors with subtitles. I am struggling to get past the actors with English accents. It's ruining it for me. Ulmana khomyuk was created to be a powerful "wahman" to represent the conviction and courage of the two MEN main characters? Way to totally and completely take away from the character and conviction of the two main characters in order to inject a BS SJW feminist narrative. I would have rated this mini series a 8 or 9 has that type of agenda pushing idiocy not corrupted the story. What a fkup! Ten minutes into it and could not digest that Russians only spoke English and that too with an accent. I was really excited, well to be honest still excited regarding this show. I expected that HBO will made this show very well, but i think they sacrificed realism over drama. So here is my list about errors or missing features at the first episode:<br/><br/>1. You not going to vomit blood after two minutes of exposure. The way how the show displays radiation sickness is very wrong. Most of the people who recieved high level of radiation got sick in the morning or at least an hour after the incident. Example the firefighters up on the roof started to feel diziness and fall down after spent one and a half hour in the highest level of radiation.<br/><br/>2. The first firefighter forces arrived with three truck and ten minutes later another unit joined for them from Pripyat. They immediately started to tend water on fire up from the turbine and reactor hall. In the show they just stand at the bottom of the reactor hall or the workshop next to it, meanwhile during the incident the fire fighter forces toke place at the the side of the powerplant, north and south of the 4th reactor's building.<br/><br/>3. I'm really missing the charachter and location names. I was able to identify some of the charachters by they first name, but the show not explains who are these guys and where are they. Example it would be better to display some of the names, like Vasilij Vashchuk who was the fire fighter that climbs into the roof first, in the show. Or the exact location names. I think it would be much nicer to really honor they effort, instead of remain anonymus for the rest of the world.<br/><br/>4. The show not explains the level of radiation and the meaning of the measured numbers. There's something very fishy going on here. I've only watched 1 episode but already I can see that the characters aren't great, the acting is average, the scrptings nothing special and the cinematography not mind blowing. But the BIGGEST thing is... No WAY is this better than Breaking Bad, Better Call Saul, The Wire, The Sopranos or any other of the hundreds of other amazing shows. maybe it picks up in EPs 2+3 but I wouldn't put this above 100 other shows. Seriously. And I know my stuff. What is going on with all these 10 reviews!?!? Something stinks here IMDab. Watching Brits pretend to be Ukrainians without doing any dialogue work or taking any care to pronounce things correctly is bad enough... But the Camera work and the editing!!! It is so bad . Such a shame that this was the direction the show took. The story is there. The writing is good. The set dec is good the locations are great. The History revealed but it all falls apart. The acting is Lazy. The camera work equivalent to a first year film student (Shaky and inconsistent framing) and the editor likely had no training at all. Breaking rules should happen in film. However you need to know the rules first. It was ok but certainly not as much as the hype. The actors did a good job but the whole story feels like a bit of propaganda. Great first 3 episodes, very tense and interesting, last 3 episodes were quite slow though and just simply not as exciting.<br/><br/>There were quite a few inaccuracies, I found it particularly funny they inserted a female character instead of a bunch of scientists, typical Hollywood these days I suppose.<br/><br/>Started well, could've been better with some adjustments. I watched 4 1/2 episodes of this due to friends basically forcing me to, and I do not understand the hype. It is so boring from start to finish. Yes it is well shot, yes it's pretty to look at, and yes it tells an important story, I understand all of that. What I don't understand is how this has became the "best show of all time" when I fell asleep watching it numerous times. What happened at Chernobyl was a tragedy, and I have 0 doubt that the story was told as well as it possibly could be in this series. With that said, this having almost a 10 on IMDB just makes no sense to me, and I've spoken to several people who agree that it's just a super boring show that should have been done in 3 episodes instead of 5, it just drug on way too long. I hope it eventually comes down to where it belongs, which is nowhere near the top. Did they forget to talk in Russian in the series?<br/><br/>I like the show but it losses the authenticity by not using the language that was spoken at that time of tha day! They weren't english so why shoot it in english! Would have given the show a 10 if this wasn't the case. I watched it for the first time and thought it was an excellent factual reenactment with no flaws. Upon reaserch I was disappointed by it. The majority of errors were accidental but the idea to replace three male scientists with a female one was fueled by industrial greed. I'm giving 9 stars just because it's not in russian. Otherwise, the TV Show is fantastic. Better watch Zero hour documentary from Discovery Channel (2004), it's great and do not have fictional characters like Ulana Khomyuk. Overall solid. They obviously tried to ensure historical accuracy of all characters and the timeline of events.
However, one thing - and a big thing - is the invention of an entirely fictional character, Ulana Khomyuk. She is the only one who can reasonably be described as fully competent, interested in the greater good, brave and who avoids a larger catastrophe.
This is even more jarring when contrasted with the historical veracity of *all* other characters portrayed. The only good thing is that she is so over the top good and Mary Sue that people will research her character - only to learn that she never existed.
As Adam Higginbotham - an actual expert on the disaster - points out, it is curious that her character is based on the composite of three male scientists, two of them reactor experts who found the cause of the disaster basically immediately.<br/><br/>So overall, this had the potential to be a good show, but it was completely - and needlessly - ruined by pushing a hateful ideology.<br/><br/>The invention of the ahistorical character compromises the integrity of the show and is - frankly - offensive to the thousands of people who died in this disaster and the actual heroes who will now remain nameless. I was three years old when it happened so i barely remember what went on overseas so I was watching vhs tapes of the decade and learned about this disaster, which was bigger worldwide than the challenger disaster that dominated US headlines and changed the space race in the US forever. Thankfully the bad air from the explosion that occurred on the final week of April of 1986 didn't reach the US as it died down in europe. The TV show is quite accurate of the time period and the casting is brilliant. It moves very slowly but picks up at the end of each episode. I'm about 3 episodes in and enjoying the show. Get HBO and watch it!!! Jared Harris's performance was probably one of the best I've seen in recent memory. To say anything else would detract from the review. I really really loved its story. I never heard of chernobyle before seeing this and im overwhelmed by acting; narrative; characteristics; atmosphere and everything in it. Now i know how awful are communist contries and how evil soviet union was When Chernobyl happened, I was in my early 20s, living in the Canadian prairies, and in the third trimester of my pregnancy with my second child. I didn't pay a lot of attention to it (there wasn't much to pay attention to) and I never knew much about what happened in the aftermath. I'm not sure if anyone did. Now, thanks to this miniseries, a lot more people know what happened and why, including me.<br/><br/>I think people should take the time to consider that the Soviet system of secrets and lies that did its best to cover this up is what Putin loved and was once a part of and wants to revive in Russia and as much of the surrounding European countries as Russia can possibly annex back into Russian control. He cannot be trusted with regards to anything. What he wants is absolute power and control and it takes dishonesty to maintain that.<br/><br/>As for the miniseries, I agree with most reviewers here. It was very well done and is definitely a contender for an Emmy and other awards. We can never know exactly what went on in the most personal moments of these people's lives, so it wasn't a documentary, but a dramatic retelling of their stories. Nonetheless, it was very well presented with the right lighting, cinematography, writing, music, etc.<br/><br/>It was satisfying to know that Valery, the scientist who had the courage to tell the truth found a way to covertly get the truth out before he was punished for it so those who suffered the most and died first didn't do so in vain. And thankfully, because he got the truth out, the other reactors were finally retrofitted so this couldn't happen again.<br/><br/>I couldn't believe that the most culpable person was one of the longest to survive. And he didn't have to live tormented by what he did or the death toll all that time because he very likely didn't have a conscience. The kind of people who bully their subordinates in a workplace situation are narcissists and never feel any sense of responsibility or guilt for their wrongdoing, they just perpetually shift blame onto others.<br/><br/>I was also surprised to learn that it's possible (though no one knows for certain, due to all the covering up) that not as many people died as was believed, yet saddened to know that the majority of those who did were children. It makes me sick that children pay the highest price for the folly, greed, apathy, and narcissistic avoidance of culpability by the adults around them. Sadly, that's the dark side of human nature and it still persists today. People need to realize that voting truly is a privilege as well as a right and consider the future they're leaving for their children and future generations when they vote instead of clinging to the past or there won't be a future.<br/><br/>This happened in a place where people weren't allowed to vote and had no choices about anything...where they lived, what they did for a living, whether they were educated or not, etc. If you don't use the rights you have now, one day, they will be taken away from you and you will wish you had them back. Don't take what you have now for granted. If you love tv series, then you must see this one is just amazing i don't wanna say much because i can't describe what i feel when i watch it.. you need to see this! Wow. So unbelievably good. So so so good. Actors, direction, everything. So good. Excellent director, this sad incident tells a-lot of what Ukraine people had. I wish not to happen again in any place Moved to tears. All of the sacrifices the average workers made to contain the disaster was heartbreaking. A lot of these reviews are so fake, this show is not Deserving of a 10/10. First it is capitalizing and making money off of a tragic event that killed scores of humans, plants, animals and caused horrific environmental effects. Picture that for one second before you give me a blind down vote. This show is profitizing off of other people's suffering. Ok now to get to the juicy stuff- it's boring and too lecture-y. It is very repetitive. At some points I fast forward because it becomes tortuous to watch. It is a true self fulfilling prophecy. Please watch with caution but you might want to tape your eyes open ala A Clockwork Orange to stop snoozing from the boredom. Couldn't get past the 1st episode. I found it so inauthentic being in English, actors unable to even pronounce their russian name properly :/ That completely killed it for me Series about american people in soviet decorations. Great filmed, very good Chernobyl decorations, and lots of absolutely idiotic propaganda. The only plus I see - is that people, interested in Chernobyl tragedy history thanks to this series maybe will go further, and learn more about it from documental sources and real videos about great heroic and intelligent people(including most of management), real specialists and fans of their job. This tv series tells part of true about events and technical reasons of tradegy, and absolutely lies about all involved people. You can say that my words are not supported by arguments, but it's too mutch lie in this creation to describe it here. Who wants can find all on internet.<br/><br/>"If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it" (Joseph Goebbels) Started really well in the first episode and seemed to live up to the hype. Then all of these pointless 'human stories' started, which were poorly written and poorly acted. The characters were hollow and I didn't care at all about any of them. Nothing was happening and it just dragged on and on, which is not a feeling you expect from a five episode mini series. If it was three and a half episodes shorter it would have been spot on but with how boring it was I didn't get to the end of episode 4. The English accents were also rubbish. Let's face it folks we are talking about American screenwriter Craig Maizin being the one person responsible for getting it right for what happened with a nuclear accident that occurred on Saturday 26 April 1986, at the No. 4 nuclear reactor in the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant, near the city of Pripyat in the north of the Ukrainian SSR and then putting it all together in a five part mini series some 33 years later. I am going to assume that much of the dialogue we observe on screen between the key players is probably conjecture and without much factual evidence to back up the entire story line.<br/><br/>Please do not assume I am a non believer because of course the tragedy and its aftermath at the Chernobyl nuclear plant and thousand of square miles away was very real and caused many lives to be either lost or severely damaged.<br/><br/>Kudos to the set director(s) for providing their audience with a realistic environment of what most likely happened before and after the Chernobyl disaster. It made us feel the reality of what the plant employees, fire and rescue and victims must have been going through as the disaster evolved.<br/><br/>Acting was first rate and the final episode which provided the missing details of what (and who) really caused this preventable tragedy neatly tied up any loose ends for us their audience. As stated earlier I cannot accept all of the actual series dialogue and people as factual such as Professor Ulana Khomyuk to have been singled out as bringing out the truth as the written and rolling explanations provided at the end of the series outlined the liberties that were taken to summarize the catastrophe into this mini series.<br/><br/>Well done! I cannot stress how much I enjoyed this mini series, as someone who wasn't yet alive when the Chernobyl disaster occurred I really didn't know much about it.
This series really puts light on this disaster and shows you how truely people suffered from the mistakes of others, while also highlighting the heroes whom without their sacrifice would have resulted in many more lives lost. Couldn't be more surprised.you Have to watch it before you die!! History is harsh & when someone tries to tell the Truth, it becomes peculiar. Chernobyl is a series a common man never would be able to know from anywhere except such realistic Drama web series. One of the most impactful performance by each & every charecter. One of the best miniseries by HBO. The best possible way to cover this disaster. HBO is back Firstly, those who complain about the English and Scottish accents are full of b.s.. Having all the actors speak in phony Boris and Natasha accents would have been ridiculous. I found the performances to be first-rate, overall. Harris was brilliant, as were Watson and SkarsgÃ¥rd. The production design was perfect: the crummy cars, bleak housing, unfashionable clothing, and constant smoking and drinking all realistically depicted life in the "workers' paradise" of the Leninist utopia. I'm glad that the producers didn't pull any punches in portraying the folly, hypocrisy, and mendacity of the Soviet bureaucracy.<br/><br/>Curiously, I had never heard of this series while it was being broadcast. I only stumbled upon it when I was perusing Jared Harris' filmography. I guess one should be thankful that it was even made, given the prevailing leftist slant of the media since Trump was elected. If you didn't watch this yet, please do. Congrats to the involved, unbelievable work. After recently studying the Chernobyl disaster and watching this series, I can say that the events shown are very accurate and informative. Even after studying the topic, I learned many new things and it gave a new perspective to the shocking true events. I'm not going to waste too much time writing this review because the IMDb rating says it all as well as the thousands of other reviews. If you haven't watched it already, make sure you do. ... the series was perfectly wrapped up ... and I cried like a baby .... The first two episodes are the greatest first two episodes of anything I have seen. One of the best pieces of content (wouldn't consider it a "show"....?) I've ever watched. Perfect acting, and really accurate demonstrations of the events, from what I've seen. Learned more about the Chernobyl event from this mini-series than I ever had previously known before. Definitely would recommend to anyone The best thing I've seen on HBO yet...and ya I've seen Game of Thrones Haunting and devastating. I've researched Chernobyl for years and everything about this was incredible. The acting, the story telling, the cinematography. Literally I was on my knees crying. I am aged 1982,born in Poland. Devastating decisions that had been made by communist authorities ruled my country and so my life for nearly 50 years. And although I barely remember too-late-to-consume-Lugol's iodine my country looked like Chernobyl itself in the end. And this kind of perception can be felt during watching this phenomenal series.
More than that - it might be harsh saying, but every British citizen should confront Boris Johnson's words against KGB personalities shown. In terms of doing politics - like father, like son.
As for the movie: remarkable atmosphere of the (Thank God) past Age where nothing was possible, as long as You did not belong to the party. Perfect decorations that reminded me of my childhood. Existential nonsense caught by pictures that reminded me that it was far worse than it is now.
I just can't believe that the director was neither Russian nor escaped from Soviet Union. The way he caught the realism of this part of Europe at that time is just unbelievable.
Great story, perfect told. chapeau bas! Next day will be better, as It reminded me of the times I do hope will never return. Beautifully done with stunning performances, this piece of art explores human nature at its best and at ist worst on the wake of one of the most horrifying catastrophes in recent history. A must-see. Chernobyl's strength is in the realism of the story telling. Through the real life gripping and tragic subject matter and the terrific locations, sets and acting.<br/><br/>A slowish fourth episode, and a courtroom episode which came across a little bit like a reveal of the cause of the incident, rather than the presentation of evidence which had been uncovered along the way, were the only slight blemishes for me.<br/><br/>Truly a top notch production. This is what you get when a production company actually cares about its contents and provides enough sources and finance to make them as good as they can be.<br/><br/>Chernobyl, Chernobyl, Masterpiece, a Must-see.. they're all synonyms really. It was beautifully handled and delivered well so that even the people with the least interest in history and nuclear disasters could enjoy it. It was entertaining. It was informative. It was a proof that HBO is still standing strong after the anticlimactic ending of GoT.<br/><br/>Highly suggest you take the time to watch this. Kudos, HBO and everyone involved in the making of this beautiful thing. I loved it so much , realistic , accurate and awesomely performed ... TV (mini) series of all time. It may not be 100% accurate but from the former sovietic union nothing really is told like it was. And yes, I acknowledge the "creative freedom" applied and I like it. But most important, what people respect and enfatize is the human drama; the unknow heroes (dead or not); the "cost" to deal with such tragedy; and the lies. We all know (or should know by now) the cost of lies. We all know (or understand), the human sacrifice required to handle "the unknown". That's what people respect. That's why this is one of the best TV series of all times.<br/><br/>It may not be fair, when comparing with series like Breaking Bad or Game of Thrones, but for a fair comparison (rating), we would need a different category or categories.<br/><br/>My humble review.<br/><br/>Anyway, enjoy the "show", respect the fallen heroes, and the professionals involved in the production. Everybody it seems is talking about this series being the must-watch show of the year, plus it sits at number 1 on the IMDb TV chart which would tend to indicate it is something special.<br/><br/>With an absence of really well-known actors in the cast, it has to be all about the drama and on that it certainly delivers. It starts off with the mysterious suicide of a middle-aged man living in a nondescript flat in Russia who secretly posts away some dictated cassette tapes before doing the deed. From there we are taken back to the terrible events of 1986 when a mixture of human traits such as ignorance, conformity, parsimony, bullying and misplaced ambition combine for the catastrophic explosion to occur at the Chernobyl nuclear plant. Although the narrative occasionally drops back and forth in time to present different perspectives on events, it pretty much takes us through the natural timeline leading up to the incident itself including its aftermath so that by the very end we know the identity of the dead man and just what was on the tapes.<br/><br/>The depiction of the drama in the control room where a succession of errors leading up to the blast is shown twice, once at the beginning for dramatic effect, the second, at the end where each mistaken communication is highlighted and explained in detail to confirm seemingly beyond doubt that this was no system or hardware failure, every component in the disaster was attributable to human failing..<br/><br/>Three main characters emerge to attempt that near-impossibility in late 1980's Soviet Russia, namely to expose the truth even when that truth points back at failings at governmental level. The State, you see, is above criticism and to point this out, (with diagrams!) as Legasov does at the official Russian enquiry is to place yourself at the mercy of the KGB, which is of course, no mercy at all and so Legasov loses his career and even his academic legacy as he is reduced to impoverished near-anonymity in his seedy little flat. Behind him is the deputy Soviet leader Boris Scherbina who changes from dedicated apparatchik to truth campaigner, especially when he too exhibits symptoms of the life-shortening radioactive poisoning which will claim him and thousands of others long before their time over the succeeding years. The third campaigner is a composite character Uyuna Khomyuk, played by Emily Watson, a fact-finding scientist who interviewed everyone in the control room that night to arrive at the incontrovertible truth.<br/><br/>The recreation of the incident both inside and outside the plant was wholly convincing. Those brave men who either went down to turn on the hydraulics, move the radioactive waste from the roof, work underground or reverse the cooling rods are suitably shown as the unselfish heroes they were, even if most of them were obligated to follow orders and so didn't really have a choice. Of the five episodes, only the fourth seemed overlong and unnecessary as it showed a kill squad patrolling the evacuated city exterminating the pet dogs and cats left behind.<br/><br/>The ensemble acting was first rate and completely subsumed to the documentary realism effect sought for by the director. By the end, I was the better for understanding more the enormous risks mankind takes when seeking to harness nuclear power and while there is throughout the piece implied if not overt criticism of the Soviet system of cost-cutting , KGB surveillance and blind subservience to the State one remembers too that the same thing nearly happened in America at Three Mile Island and of course there was the more recent incident at Fukushima, to make one realise that these events can happen anywhere and anytime.<br/><br/>One can't help but wonder if at the time of the next nuclear calamity there will be anyone around afterwards to make a cautionary film like this about it or indeed any viewers here to watch it. The show will make you realize the dangers that humanity evaded and how close we all were to get effected for thousands of years. 11/10. Kept on my toes the entire way through. Amazing performance from the actors. Bravo I am not much of a miniseries watcher but out of all this one was the best and and made me realise the value of everything and how easily can we lose it. I recommend everyone to watch it. One of the best tv show I have ever watched<br/><br/>Everything was perfect thank you truly The most beautiful drama series ever. He speaks of the Chernobyl disaster in a spectacular way, with images that remain in the mind even after the vision. A series able to excite without tiring or being repetitive. There is a heavy atmosphere that hovers over the characters and this increases the immense drama of this masterpiece This is the best thing that could have been done for the tv. Put it in schools, so that people learn from it since youth. Utterly brilliant in every respect, an absolute masterpiece in the Golden Age of TV. Listen to the official HBO podcast after each episode, and then rewatch with a new perspective.<br/><br/>Congratulations to every single person involved in making this. It simply does not get any better. A very genuine depiction of events as they happened, i heard about chernobyl incident since when i was a child and it had a deep impact on me specifically because of the science behind it, i get carried away by the power nature possess and the detrimental and devastating effects if you play with the unknown.<br/><br/>Chernobyl was a perfect combination of the unknown and ignorance , an unequivocal equilibrium of these that caused the chain of events that mankind will remember for ever.
My father is not into TV series, and he is more of a voracious reader, i remember the day when i was exploring content in prime video and came across this , not knowing the fact that this is perhaps the best show on earth ever made. We started and got glued to the TV, it usually doesn't happen with me, i like to take breaks , it was the only show that made me violate my own principles.
I will perhaps not see a better show as this one in my lifetime. Never knew about Chernobyl as I was taught this in school and I wasn't born then. Great mini TV series. This is amazing! I put on the first episode and ended up watching the whole series in one night. It looks great, it sounds great and most importantly the acting and writing are first class. As tragic as Chernobyl was the series doesn't revel in that. They show you just how bad it was, but also how heroic many of the people were who worked to fix it. This is the best TV series I have seen all year. Amazing miniseries, one of the best I've watched. The time is so realistically represented, it really gets you in the communist 80s. The attention to details is just stunning, definitely recommended! It was way authenticier if the series were in Russian... Maybe even English with Russian accent... It's preety unnatural to watch a soviet comissar speaking with a British accent I was enthralled from start to finish of this 5 episode documentary/drama. I'm trying hard to find the right words to do this justice. Just watch it. It's scary because it actually happened it's real life with human mistakes and errors and real life heroes who sacrificed themselves to save the the planet. Whether you know alot about the Chernobyl disaster of 1986 or not I think you'll appreciate where this takes you. Reading the other reviews on here after finishing watching, I am glad there are some from people who lived through this and can't believe the accuracy and depiction of real life events in this TV series. This miniserie draws you in the moment it starts.
The sound, visual the editing all make you feel uneasy. The hours just fly by as you witness what happens. The actors all did a great job. you will care about them.
They all speak english, which was a great choise.(it has been done before so nothing new here but the actors dont have to act an accent) this feel like saving private ryan /band of brothers level of realism. grim saturated with beautiful photo.
The only dull moment is when it all goes black and the directors name appears. cause you will want more. Standing ovations for the incredible actors who brought the characters to life, the writers who brought us the story, the director who brought us his perfect vision!
This is a unique miniseries, a masterpiece and a true gem. Everything was done perfectly and precisely....through music, sound, editing, cinematography and production in whole. I'm not coming from anywhere near Pripyat, let alone Ukraine. I'm writing this review as a 20yo that knew about the ghost city because of Chernobyl disaster. I've been watching some videos showing how radioactivity remains there, a complete horror -knowing people used to live there.<br/><br/>Then I saw this thumbnail "Chernobyl Miniseries Trailer" I AM SOLD! The trailer itself really captivate me to actually wait for the series to be released.<br/><br/>1st episode until the last episode. IT IS ALL AMAZING. I will definitely tell my friends about the best series I've ever watched.<br/><br/>Watching this make me so emotional.. because it is based on the untold true story.. not much know about this.<br/><br/>The last episode got me crying, seriously. ðŸ˜­ Loved the show. The concept of how nuclear power plant works to the disaster is very nicely explained and in a layman language. Everyone could understand it. The last episode was the best as they even correlated the chain of events and also the characters. Never imagined that i will watch a series with this kind of genere.
A must watch series which will definitely make you hooked and will leave you in tears at the last. I personally got to know how why its called one of the worst nuclear accident that occurred. I feel this series needs 11/10.
If you start watching after reading my review, then dont thank me, instead make others watching this amazing one.
At the last my favourite line "What's the cost of lies?".... Not big on HBO series, as they tend to run from rom com to just generically composed lighter fare. Other than True Detective, which is solid on it's own (season 1 & 3 respectively), I just havent clicked with much...<br/><br/>This on the other hand is a masterwork in presentation, writing, acting and camerawork. Taking cues from some of the best of the art of filmmaking, this delivers on all fronts.<br/><br/>Spoilers? It's based on true events that enveloped the news back in the 80s and still, not unlike Fukushima, is a stark reminder of our fragility. It is also a scary look into what happened, what became of the first responders, and heading into the final episode (haveht finished the last one just yet), I was horrified as I was awestruck as just how well this was done. Yes, even the score is a tone setter.<br/><br/>Be warned, there is a fair amount of graphic, difficult to watch material, so put the kids away for this one---but if your older teen needs a look into what dangers lie in our past as well as present, this is the one to show them.<br/><br/>Might be my first 10 review. It isn't easy viewing. But then it is not meant to be.
Captivating to watch. It shows how lies specially from the higher authority people costs a lot really alot.. perfection 👍🏻 Very impressive, One of the best series I have seen This is the Best mini series ever made in the 2000's Top notch! They nailed everything, the storytelling, the pictures. Hello! My name is Evgeniy. I am from Kiev, Ukraine. At the time of the events of the television series I was 5 years old. But I remember the events of 1986 very well. A lot of things are shown in this television series, the real truth. Incredibly terrible events and a huge number of people who were sent to die to save the rest of the world from a global nuclear catastrophe and the extinction of humanity. Thank you for the great movie and for showing it incredibly truthful. Chernobyl is the pain of all mankind, even for many hundreds of years. A masterpiece - Perfect way of exposing & educating the facts 👌 I have a problem reviewing this as I can't seem to put into words just how powerful this show is. At first I was judgmental that the show wasn't spoken in Russian with subtitles, but I quickly realized, how much that would have detracted from the technicalities and flow of events and the fact that not everyone enjoys having to read subtitles. Having done quite a bit of reading about Chernobyl in the past I felt that they captured all of the details as much as anyone possibly could. That was confirmed when I read some of the reviews here of some native Russian people that experienced it. You will feel like you were actually witnessing the events first hand. It had my stomach in knots. I highly recommend watching this. I want to own this on Blu-ray if it becomes available. Best series ever made. After the disapointment of GOT endig, this miniseries is epic. I'm from Turkey. Chernobyl disaster has affected many countries deeply. Turkey was one of the countries that feel closely by radiation clouds who coming from Black Sea... Also we lost many our family members have died for cancer.<br/><br/>Thanks to this series we are remember our losses I would like to thank everyone who contributed to this series...Good job This movie is a masterpiece particularly, its finale. It throthfully depicts human negligence and stupidity as well as the the evil of the Soviet Union!!!!!!!! Kudos to HBO for making not only commercial products but also invaluable products like Chernobyl and Leaving Neverland!!!!!!!! From the minute we see the end of the protagonist at the beginning you get the feeling this will be a Cold War East vs West drama. It ends up being so much more than that and yet nothing alike. The torture of all involved whether it be physical or mental is trying.
The work by the production team to recreate the areas (Pryp'yat', the power plant, the villages and even just the indoor pool seen briefly) are brilliant.
Sky is showing real promise with this and the likes of Das Boot, whilst HBO show again that they know how to pick a good story and throw enough money at it to make it happen in the correct way.<br/><br/>This is being touted as a 'subscription keeper' post GoT. I don't see that as the rewatchability of this 5 part series is slim but I do see it as a reason to keep Sky and HBO on the watchlist.<br/><br/>This should be watched by all people as it either tells a story you roughly knew or tells the younger people a story they haven't heard of and will tremble to hear.<br/><br/>A must watch for this time. I'm sure there's probably been some artistic/poetic license added to the story, but that doesn't take away the powerful message that Chernobyl depicts.
I wish this wasn't a true story, but it could have ended much much worse. I've only watched two episodes and that's enough to say that it's the best I've ever seen. I don't care how it goes after this but what i've seen untill now, each and every frame, i want to appreciate and don't want to take it granted. If you like watching any show out there i promise you this one could be the best of all. The show was outstanding, heartbreaking& so immersive.Best show of this year...
Every actors in this show did great acting
#chernobly Real life! Nuff said, the acting the haunting visuals plus the brilliant Jared Harris and wonderful Adam nagatis! Really great tv Emotionally haunting, perfection at every area , especially the casting, it deserves the praise it receives. I am proud to say that I lived during the airing of Chernobyl, experienced the show, the classic masterpiece. They let the drama speak for itself. They managed to make it tense and exciting without cheap action music and shaky cameras. Truly a breath of fresh air. Everything about it is perfect. Just finished 5th episode. Im amazed how good this is. Had goosebumps constantly, im still under the impression.. It's just phenomenal mini series. I remember seeing the news reports as a child, watching this really shows how bad it actually was and how it could have been much worse. Reading what happened before the credits roll really puts it all into perspective.<br/><br/>It's very reminiscent of the feeling the nuclear war threat that was a possibility when growing up. This review is written after fully watching the 5 episode mini-series.<br/><br/>The message the series conveys is perhaps even stronger and more emotional than the series itself. Its portrayal of the Chernobyl event during the Soviet era is magnificent, emotional, powerful and, more importantly, accurate. The Chernobyl mini-series is without a doubt HBO's best up to date. Excellent acting, setup, screenplay and ambiance. There is nothing to comment on it, literally no bad thing to criticize except, perhaps being a longer series, but that would defeat the point.<br/><br/>Forget Game of Thrones, this is HBO's redemption move. It's not a hypothetical event from writers, it's bloody true historical incidence, probably one of the most devastating radiation leakage in history. It revealed the Soviet Union battle against the radiation which can harm half of the world under clock ticking situation. How real and so many hero behind who sacrificed themselves for saving million of life. It conveys so many different emotions. I am horrified by the event and extremely proud of the Russian people for the sacrifice to do what must be done. After I started watching this series I was instantly gripped. The camera work is amazing and it really shows the magnitude and scale of the event. The way the story is being told is highly informative and probably even more bizarre than fiction. The actors are great and they successfully reflect different positions (civilian, scientific, party members) under Soviet rule. I never give a review to a movie or series, but this show deserves a watch and nothing more than credits. Wow. I gave this series a chance and I have to say its one of the best ones ive watched like all time. I already knew much about what happened and thought it was gonna be boring, but trust me its worth seeing. An excellent show with excellent actors. There are very few historical movies that manage to keep me on the edge of my seat for the entire thing, but this one manages to do so. For the people like me, younger than 30, this is the definition of the familiar unknown word "chernobyl".... I'm living every moment every episode.
Just the act of Emily Watson... I was born 7 years after the event, in Hungary, but I was always interested in what happened so been reading a lot about it since I was a kid. I love the way the series show the lives, work and emotions of people who were just right there, nearby, or the ones who actually worked to clean this "mess" up. Gets me every single time, it's shocking yet I'm amazed by the bravery of the real heroes. Could right a book about how this show makes me feel but let's not get into it. I just love it and can't wait for next Tuesday. Great, amazing work, congrats to the whole crew. Amazing show. Very well worth a watch if you have hbo Never in my life have I been so immersed in a series like this one. The atmosphere and the characters are utterly incredible. This is by far one of the best depictions of that era that I have ever seen. Truly amazing, I 100% recommend this for anyone. This movie presents a piece of history. The entire world was involved in this. And "the unseen enemy" still kill peoples. Emotional and harrowing... brutal but compassionate in equal measure... you feel for every character ... the sheer scale of the horror and the effect on the people ... best mini series in VERY long time Episode 3 was a crazy ride. I've never been so gripped each week when watching a show. It's the only show after so many years to actually give me goosebumps. Amazing actors, scenery and a lot of care on the details. Terrifying that we have gone so far along the abyss. A plea to stop all nuclear energy. Best mini series I have seen in these years. It's disturbing, it's haunting but it'll mesmerize you and make you watch every episode more than once. Some moments and dialogues will keep running in your mind and make you live that moment. Design of character of miner's leader is perhaps the most interesting thing you'll notice. His dialogues and thought delivering from his eyes are simply superb. Fantastic story telling that reflects a lot of the facts we know. Shocking effects of radiation on the poor workers and firemen. The portrayal of what is happening in the government - opinion and over facts and misinformation over honesty - is strikingly familiar today. I knew it will be good.. but not that good! It's so real, so true.. every time watch one episode, I just cant wait for another one.. I'm happy to see excellent details and good story telling.
What a wonderful show.
Well done! Perhaps something to consider showing in all classes all over the world. Belgiums first. Truly a masterpiece, by far the best tv mini-series to grace our screens, worth a watch for every human as a true insight for what truly happened in Chernobyl A great combination of science, leadership and politics. Known plot and still created nail bitting suspense. Highly recommended This prgram at first seemed like run of the mill, t.v drama but has given up the secrets that people sacraficed themselfs to save europe and we don't even know who they are. The program seemed strange as russians were all speaking in english, but you soon forget about that.Probably the most fckd up thing ever to happen on this plannet more dangerous than nukes. In April 1986, an explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics becomes one of the world's worst man-made catastrophes. An incredible show which gives one a feeling that they are watching then events happen live! The story is told in a very realistic manner...as it happened neither exaggerating nor downplaying the unfolding of the events. This was a true catastrophe in the scale of the event and efforts and the cost it took to set it right. The real emotions are also captured efficiently ..the courage of the firefighters and liquidators walked into the mission, facing almost certain death is beyond words. Absolutely top- notch acting from the leads...all of them established actors. A from tale which serves as a warning to all of us.<br/><br/>A MUST WATCH! This has by far been the most haunting programme I've seen to date, the acting is brilliant the set's and locations are perfect for setting the 86 vibe.<br/><br/>This series has led me to digest all documentaries available on the disaster which was a just a vague memory of the iconic red and white chimney on the news back when I was 5 year's of age.<br/><br/>Thank you for bringing this to my attention and well done on a superb job.<br/><br/>The scene last night with the fire rescue men in hospital was true horror.
10/10 television Haunting is an understatement!<br/><br/>It's like a horror movie with a monster that you can not kill, can not hide from, can not hear, can not smell, or even see. You just know it's always there, and it will get whoever that gets in it's way... I never knew how close we were to a catastrophe,great cast,brilliantly shot I am having an assignment about Chernobyl Next two months and I hope this show will help me :) The first episode: I can feel the radiation across the screen. I found this to be a bit weird to watch with all the actors/actress's talking normally and then all the printed stuff in Russian, some of the actors didn't come across well because of this but it was a story that was watchable.
Not sure about how accurate it was, guess we will never know but it was interesting. I cant understand people raving about this ? two eps in i went searching for why it felt so cliched overwritten plodding laboured and just...made up. I soon found all the reasons this feels phoney, because it is. Just Google what did the hbo mini series Chernobyl get wrong. Yeah i know nothing about Chernobyl folks but i know a piece of crap when i see one and this is that. Comparing this to the creation of BB and Sopranos is just absurd. Thanks to americans and their propaganda against soviet union obviously they're giving it 10/10 and those people who are not americans surely wont like it much as them ..
There are many good shows to watch My advice just skip this nonsense Quality drama but really slow and boring. I am struggling to finish it to be honest. The show is pretty solid. Great directing, writing, costume design, score, the whole thing.<br/><br/>What I disliked about the show were these 5 major things that were gotten wrong:<br/><br/>1. In Episode 2, the scene with the helicopter crashing on April 27 is great, although it happened much later in October. It did hit a crane, but the crane appeared in July for the building of the Sarcophagus. This means that this scene should have been shown in Episode 4.<br/><br/>2. In Episode 2, the decision to throw boron on the reactor was made in 2 seconds, then Shcherbina goes, "Ok I'ma get it" and walks away. This was just too hastily done to be believable.
This scene exemplifies the unnecessary tet-a-tet between Legasov and Shcherbina. Wish more of their conversations happened in conference rooms. This would serve the dual purpose of giving credit to the scientists, managers that were present there.<br/><br/>3. In Episode 2, Gorbachev scenes were great, but Legasov wouldn't be asking permission to kill 3 men. Likely, Gorbachev would never even have known about this.<br/><br/>4. In Episode 4, When the animal liquidators are sitting in front of the building with the banner, it has broken windows. Also, the abandoned building in Pripyat where Shcherbina, Legasov and Khomiuk meet has peeling paint and is in horrible shape. A building abandoned 1 year ago would not look like that. Maybe after 10 years.<br/><br/>5. Khomiuk's a composite character and whistleblower. I get it. Yet Khomiuk's sudden presence in the Gorbachev's commission and trial is unrealistic. She would have to be appointed and definitely selected based on how much of a loyal communist she was (that's why Legasov was selected, despite being not the top scientists or RMBK expert)<br/><br/>--<br/><br/>Now, This is debatable, so I am not going to count it, since I understand it's for dramatic effect. But the black smoke. Too much of it. The naked miners. Miners patting the minister on the suit. Concrete being poured over coffins (1 truck would not be enough given the size of the hole, and besides, they were buried normally at first, with relatives present, but then reburied with concrete later). Hugely overrated, fake hype.<br/><br/>Its a normal TV Show. It ain't bad nor great, its normal.
Everything about it is normal, from acting to script.
Don't understand the hype, don't people learn about Chernobyl in School? Who decided on Brit accents for RUSSIAN people. This is a work of drivel, when Ukraine and Russia agree you know you failed.
Pretty cinematography but pretend this is some parallel universe. The Chernobyl disaster happened when I was a kid. I've really been looking forward to this mini-series, and I will surely keep watching. Yet, I was a little disappointed. The cinematography seemed to capture the time and place very accurately, but the characters were lacking. Hopefully, this will improve as the series moves forward, but it seemed that most of the characters I did like were dead by the end of the first episode. What really bothered me was that the pig-headed ignorance, callous disregard for others lives, and denial by those in positions of power (a requisite of the plot structure, but also a Western stereotype of the Soviet Union) was so blatant that it seemed contrived if not absurd. This aspect of the script and character development detracted from the realism of the event and aftermath. Nevertheless, I was drawn in by the cinematography and historical significance of the disaster. I look forward to seeing the rest of the series. A reasonable watch, have watched and studied a lot of material on this disaster previously. This is not "the best show" to come from HBO, there have been a number of better ones. Worth a once through watch, but slightly boring, wouldnt watch it over again as i do with some shows. Found some of the sound effects on certain episodes rather irritating while watching rather than tension building. For all the buzz around this miniseries i was excited, but after completing it was left pretty deflated. I think the only reason this show is getting positive reviews is because it is based on one of the most horrifying true events that had happened till date. Apart from that, there is nothing special about it. Hardly anything interesting ever happens. It is so very slow inspite of being just 5 episodes long. I seriously don't get how literally everyone is giving this show above 9 rating. There are so many better shows than this. Utopia, Dark to name a few. It probably would have been more intriguing if it was an actual documentary. This is an excellent show. I would like to give it a higher rating, but the British accents are distracting and don't make any sense. Why weren't English speaking Russian actors cast? Felt compelled to write a review after seeing all the fuss about it being the "highest rated tv show".
First point - the source material. It's not original so cannot be compared to original works like breaking bad, soprano's, the wire etc. It's a retelling of historical events. Hardly a creative masterpiece. Think about it people.
Second point - it's five episodes. Sustain it for 5 seasons and we'll talk about "best tv show ever".
Third - Yes, the accents. Seriously? And people rave about it being authentic.
Fourth - being 5 episodes, character development takes a hit. Can't say I was emotionally attached to any character. I should have been (given the severity of what was going on) but yet I wasn't. Biggest "feels" were for the old lady in the barn when her cow got shot.<br/><br/>As a mini-series, it's fine. A good watch, nicely shot if a little slow-paced. But don't fall for the hype. For the people rating it 10/10 - have a word with yourselves please. This series surpassed my expectations. Everything is perfect. The reason why I gave it a 9 instead of a 10 is because, hearing Russian people speaking in English instead of their native language is unreal. Everything was great but like always American director made always same mistake...is it posible that every single person speak english...Russian president speak english with employers...nurse...firemans...every Russian person speeak english beetween them self...nonsence Very good show and miniseries but its over-rated there are many other series there and deserves rating more than this one Gruesomely real. Totally believable. Explains the shocking realities of this extremely brutal accident that killed and ruined the lives of hundreds of thousands of people. Horribly sad. Bureaucratic bungling. The true catalyst for start the collapse of the USSR. Here is no disputing this mini series is very good and at times horrifically moving for me though until the final episode which truly was perfect it was very good rather than an epic. Honestly, this is one of the best series! but It would have been better if it was in Russian. A piece of European history told like no other. If it was in Russian, I would have give it a 10/10. It sound strange to me to hear all those great character speaking with such a British accent. The show is not bad,i think it's good screen version of Chernobyl disaster .It have good actors(especially Skarsgard and Harris),atmosphere and the spirit of the Soviet Union.I understand that mostly such high ratings are because that most people get emotionally involved and scared into this as it's based on real events,also it's technically made very good and carefully executed so many people don't even know what to criticize. So as screen version of Chernobyl events this is the most well-established and detailed product.But is this the best TV-show ever?No.Many people say ''the real events are more terrifying than any fiction story",but i would say that some really well-developed fiction story with good plot,character development and so on, makes me more excited,emotional and interested than this mini-series. So i think despite all good aspects of this show,it can't be better than Game of Thrones or Breaking Bad for example. Why destroy it by inventing a plot that never occured, a true fake "based on reality" production. What a sad waste. The film invokes strongest emotions and shakes people up with documentary style realism, but the overall storyline is a primitive piece of the cheapest propaganda which you are forced to accept unquestioningly...
It took me only a minute of fact checking to realize that the diabolical KGB plot to keep reactor deficiencies a state secret simply didn't exist, and couldn't have existed because it was way out of their league both intellectually and legally.
Who in the right mind and in what Universe (or alternate reality) would keep critical nuclear reactor parameters from the very nuclear scientists that run the reactors (all 16 of them)?.. And that is the major secret uncovered by non-existing female nuclear physicist who comes out of the blue and starts investigating the disaster!
That is just plain UNREAL.
It is very sad to see that even such Tragedies do not stop artists from disseminating utter BS. At time of writing, Chernobyl has the highest IMDB rating in the history of television and film. So at time of writing, Chernobyl is ranked as the greatest thing to ever grace the screen... Ok, I knew it was never going to live up to that inflated rating, but I expected it to be at least brilliant. IT ISN'T.<br/><br/>I have two major, major gripes with the apparent greatest production of all time -<br/><br/>1. It didn't engage me. Thats all I ever ask of any film or television program.<br/><br/>2. The majority of the characters speak in a London accent. The problem with this is that it is set in Chernobyl which is in the Ukraine. At first I thought these were actual english characters that were working at the plant. I was really surprised that there was so many of them. I then realised that these weren't english characters but were supposed to be Russian/Ukrainian, and in actual fact the actors just can't be bothered to speak in a Russian accent, or we're told not to by the makers. Either way, this is an absolute deal breaker for me. A major turn off. Imagine everybody in Schindler's list speaking in a cockney or scouse accent. Kinda takes away all authentication, right?<br/><br/>Chernobyl is not awful. It has a good moody score, good direction. But it is far from great. I feel it's inflated rating will back fire. I expect to see that rating nose dive, as more genuine people watch it and rate it! So boring, dumb characters, slow-moving plot. actually funny seeing the high ratings and 'BeSt ShOw EvEr' reviews. i guess people have grown accustomed to horrible shows such as this and HBO's other disaster (which shall not be named) to actually consider this any good. Fantastically well made, but like others have pointed out, this series is not historically accurate. I suspect the changes / fabrications are to make it more effective as anti-nuclear propaganda?<br/><br/>The 3 stars are for good acting, cinematography and direction. 2 stars for doing an awesome job of portraying life in the USSR, with lots of authentic details.
However since the script is mostly made
up and a distortion of an important part of history, I have to warn people not to take this seriously and just view it as entertainment. Take for example the "bridge of death". It's a debunked urban myth. No one who were there died. This is a show about Russia's response. Almost all science is garbage and spreads irrational fear of radiation and nuclear reactors. Looks wonderful and content is great but why is everyone so painfully british? Totally overrated... 6/10 at max.Slow...unimpressive Its good, highlights and explains the story well. But not 9.6/10..its nowhere near Game Of Thrones or Vikings
I also heard that they lied alot about what happened, if that is the case then I'm definitely changing this score to much less! Nothing I can stand more then a false story Chernobyl shows the heroics of an Soviet nuclear physicist and how he stood up to an corrupt government. The show has its great moments it's visuals are amazing some of the acting is incredible but it is just overrated. I don't find it to be the best show ever realesed nor do I think it has come close to that. An important historical event such as Chernobyl deserves a compelling narrative. This screenplay has no momentum. A very fascinating mini series although naturally very bleak and depressing. It is very educational and insightful as I don't think a lot of the new generation will know a lot about Chernobyl. The earlier episodes was better than the later ones and the ending gave an excellent insight into the aftermath. Not flawless but still very good. quite immersive in the storytelling. cinematography is great, some of the dialogue is meh. stellan skargard is a wonderful actor but boy does his voice grate my ear drums. the show definitely stirs some feelings. i would suggest watching with subtitles, you can go from shouting in one scene to whispering in the next. could have done without the entire 20 or so minutes of killing dogs, but what can ya do? overall, not top notch on my list, but still very good. Epic, atmospheric, gripping ... Superb piece of filmography in every aspect, every episode, top drawer! Don't pass this up! The story starts with the explosion and how they fire fighted the problem. The last episode on explaining what happened exactly at chernobyl was so terrific. End credit made me realise this was the most terrific incident happened ever. Chernobyl is Nice mini series from HBO but i dont know why some one rate 0 to this series. Epic. It's unbelievable how they nailed it with this one.
Storytelling, acting, character development, sound, research, production design,.. all absolutely flawless.
Nail-bitingly gripping from start to finish, obligatory classroom material for decades to come and a monument for all who suffered.
Believe the hype: Chernobyl is the best TV series ever made. Jaw droppingly stunning! I was on the edge of my seat through each episode. I was beyond stunned to learn the inconceivable incompetitience of those working in a nuclear plant the night of the disaster. I was further offended by the amount of "blame displacement" that occurred following the disaster. I continue to be haunted by the deaths that occurred in an effort to mitigate his disaster. #tragic This series was fantastic. It didn't waste time jumping right into a story that was not afraid to pull punches. The story of Chernobyl is both tragic and haunting to know that it was covered up for so long.<br/><br/>Diving immediately into the aftermath of the reactor explosion Chernobyl explores all aspects. The truth behind the science, the affects of the radiation poisoning and all the brave men and women who sacrificed their own health to save others.<br/><br/>Of course recreating history means changing a few things to better weave a narrative and the collective voices of the scientists who spoke the truth were made into one character played by Emily Watson. Subtle and driven performances from Watson, Skarsgard and Harris definitely help you invest in this heartbreaking real life story.<br/><br/>A hauntingly beautiful series from a visual perspective with the recreation of the disaster to near perfection and the daunting task of recreating the scenes of men washing the streets and living underground while trying to secure the reactor from below. It never really slows down on the story, providing detailed explanations for things in terms that even those who have no experience with science can understand.<br/><br/>While this show and the contents of it are not for everyone I found myself enjoying it more than I ever thought I would. It made me want to research the events surrounding this disaster and learn more about it. Any series that can capture me like that is worth a look. Watch the first episode and decide from there. There is not enough good things to say about this series but decide that for yourself. Good, gripping, informative and enjoyable, but for me not the greatest of documentary dramas. The dialogue and characters were often unrealistic and oversimplified, and it felt like facts were sometimes being twisted to fit in with the movie plot (which apparently is true to an extent). I'm not sure how much of the propaganda element was intentional, or whether it was just an excess of stereotyping. The speeches at the end about lies and truth were little more than cliches. For me, the main fault lies with the central theme of Chernobyl's plot, which is how secrecy led to a pattern of lies and bad decisions, rather than the greater moral question of whether it's right to use a technology that potentially endangers the lives of tens or hundreds of millions of people, given the flawed nature of people and their systems. Not once throughout the series did anyone question whether the use of nuclear energy itself might be at the heart of the problem (maybe it wasn't mentioned in the source material?). Instead, the message came through loud and clear that nuclear reactors are safe as long as the off-switch works. Perhaps the underlying question at the heart of the series should have been, "Does the potential danger of nuclear power outweigh the benefits?" rather than "Is the US political system better than the Russian political system?" In Hungary, we really close to Ukraine. When the disaster happened, nobody knows 3-5 days. Every people went to work, the children's was in the playground. It's really scare. When you see this series, you gone understand everything about the disaster, the peoples, etc. How do you describe a horror? How do you put into words and images an all-consuming monstrosity that is unstoppable? How do you explain the grim reality without taking any of these and other things completely over the top?
This series did just that: by giving the gritty, mostly honest and VERY atmospheric protrayal of what happened. Some few places they did botch it, made a few soap bubbles to spice things up (unnecessarily imho), but for the most part they got both the atmosphere right, they got the mind-boggling self-consuming idiocy that was the soviet beurocracy completely right, and they definately got the human suffering and sacrifice part right.
Most complaints about the series (from me and others) come in the form of small hair-splitting about the details, but this if anything is a complement because there are no major flaws with it at all. It is a masterpiece of a series that shines like a cinematic star that it is. The whole thing really does. My hat goes off to all that made this happen. Chernobyl is an excellent series. It's beautifully shot, well acted and haunting. Everything is well-paced and builds to a brilliant final episode. Others have pointed to the historical accuracy but I understand writers and directors take certain liberties. I actually watched it in HD and SD and prefer SD. It gives it a little historical flavour like Argo. The sound editing and music are great and cinematography world class. I feel like some people are getting carried away in their descriptions of brilliance because it's telling them something they haven't heard before. It is good? Yes. Is it the best TV show ever made? No. It's more about the action and the timeline than it is about characters and you keep coming back to Breaking Bad, Six Feet Under, The Sopranos, Mad Men, Ozark, Fargo etc for the characters.<br/><br/>My biggest issue is the English accents. I understand why but employ eastern European actors or decent dialect coaches or even use subtitles instead. If Schindler's List was made in an Australian studio would you expect the Nazi soldiers to speak with Aussie accents? Bad Russian or Ukrainian accents are one thing but sounding like you drive a London taxi is another. Not everyone sounds like John Malkovich in Rounders. Best line of the show<br/><br/>"Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth... sooner or later that debt is paid... that is how an RBMK reactor explodes... LIES"<br/><br/>This is master film making on every level. A 10. Sound design was AMAZING... drew you in and scared the crap out of you. Acting superb. Camera works and color was just spot on.<br/><br/>I thought this was going to be just another dumb show... I was wrong. This film shows the real story of Chernobyl... and the real story is not even close to what I thought it was. Probably the best interpretation of an historical event I've ever seen, it blew me away, I was shocked, honestly and completely by man's ignorance and honesty, it's a battle of the two. There's nothing to fault, the account, the acting, for me the actors lived the event. It's quite possible to watch the whole series in one or two nights, one to keep focused on. I have never hard the story Chernobyl when Chernobyl impressed by the story of a l very sad on valey legasov he unfortunately doesn't enter the paradise This one really gave me the creeps. You must be extremely talented to create something like this. This is a well grounded story about humanity. Arrogance, negligence, stupidity, self-centredness, cowardice followed with bravery, sacrifice, intelligence and caring. What a story. Excellent. Has all the elemnts of very well-done production. But most important, it's a morrality play about not backing down from those who lie at the behest of the state and the apparatchiks who put their own self-interest above the lives of others. A nice little cautionary tale for these times as we see the very same pathology increasing here in the US. Bravo HBO. It was awesome experience... One of the best I have ever seen... I watched in one go without a tea break.... Chernobyl is the most important and consequential film I've ever seen.<br/><br/>Regardless of any theatrical liberties taken; Regardless what your politics are; Regardless of what you think of Nuclear Energy; This film is ultimately a story about the importance of pursuing the Truth.<br/><br/>The Russian people are portrayed as immensely heroic, and also as bumbling fools. Why is that so hard to accept? Don't all societies have both?<br/><br/>The "elites" (scientists) are portrayed positively, but at times are put in their place by the common - truly heroic - man (coal miners).<br/><br/>The politicians are portrayed as practical idealists, and at times ignorant, selfish corrupt bureaucrats. Sounds about right to me.<br/><br/>The thing I love the most about this film was the balance that was so artfully weaved.<br/><br/>It's far from a political propaganda piece. In fact, it's just the opposite. It points out how we are all looking for a simple hero and villain tale when in fact the truth is often more complicated than we would like it to be.<br/><br/>A tasteful artistic story of one of the most tragic man-made disasters. Should be required content for all students. Globally. Probably some inaccuracies & people will complain about the accents. However the accents made it a darker watch, (for an English speaker) "closer to home".<br/><br/>Whatever happened and however close to the truth, it was gripping television, the recreation of the whole event and the era was impressive.<br/><br/>Haunting score, brilliant acting, I think it does deserve the high rating and it leaves you researching something that you thought you always knew, in much more depth.<br/><br/>It also vilifies "white middle aged men in power" (as a white middle aged man!) I know it portray Russia and yes probably a place where we'll all jump on our high horses about but I think it's a good lesson for the rest of the world to learn! Everyone should see this. We should not ever forget what happened in Chernobyl The attention to detail and utterly astounding acting, not to mention the inherent drama of the story, make it possible to watch through the horror. I was born a few years after Chernobyl and never knew much about it other than "it was bad." This series does an amazing job capturing the devastation and pain, as well as the courage and sacrifice, of everyone involved in the efforts to contain this disaster. Highly recommend, but remember: a healthy media diet is a balanced media diet. Follow up with something light and fluffy! Reality is the worst horror ever i am affraid now best mini série ever masterpiece This was some crummy horror movie kids would be sitting in front of their smartphones watching it. But it isn't I'm sure 90% of it is true. This should be part of the school syllabus to make sure they grow up in the knowledge that if you mess with things you don't understand the unthinkable can happen. Amazing! 9/10. The storyline is perfectly told, carachter evolution is done right, details of the accident and the rest is superb. It has some fictional elements added for entertainment, but all ok. I didn't expect to enjoy this. Given the subject matter, I thought it would just be too bleak, and to be fair it is, but the acting was excellent throughout, the story was utterly engrossing (and something of an eye-opener), and it made me very intrigued to know more about the disaster, and nuclear power in general, something I've never given a great deal of thought to previously.<br/><br/>More importantly, it managed to present an engrossing story without ever cheapening the memory of those who died and suffered in real life. I'd definitely recommend it if you haven't already seen it. Chernobyl is the creepy reality.<br/><br/>1986, April 26 01:23:45 this is the the fateful day of Chernobyl.<br/><br/>Reactor Number 4, the most recently built of the six reactors planned, had exploded. It was the second nuclear power plant accident in a decade (the first being Three Mile Island in the US in 1979), and the only one to ever record casualties. Now, HBO has a five-episode miniseries explaining how it happened. Amazed to see how these miniseries got so much publicity from BBC's, Sky's and other international "world class" journalists with dozens of "experts" grilling every single detail of it trying to downplay the actual purpose of this piece.<br/><br/>The history truly repeats itself and constant lies trigger further disasters. When watching this movie I could not stop thinking about Kursk ( Russian nuclear-powered submarine that sank back in 2000 killing all 118 personnel on board), MH17 ( passenger plane shot down by terrorists on 17 July 2014 while flying over eastern Ukraine) asking myself questions: " What has changed between 1986, 2000 and 2014? Has the world learnt anything? Why did we not act appropriately?"<br/><br/>I am not a fan of conspiracy theories or numerology BUT what to expect in 2028 (if you did not spot the coincidence: 1986, 2000, 2014 )?<br/><br/>As for Cherobyl miniseries - one of the best movies I have seen in my entire live.. I knew the story of Chernobyl as my parents were polish and had a few stories of what poland experienced. My mums familys farm had deformed chickens born after the radioactive plume blew over poland. Also when she was on an international phone call, an operator was eavesdropping when she was talking about the disaster and what the Australian government was describing, and this operator butted in on this private phone call and said the Australian government must be wrong. Great to watch as it really showed the shroud of secrecy the whole catastrophe occured under. Where do I even begin to express my love for this show? Well, let's start with the overall composition of the whole thing. The soundtrack is mesmerizingly ominous to portray an upcoming tragedy that builds up properly and coincides with the scenes they are implemented in. the scenes that do lack music and ambience provide a sort of lingering terror to what is happening. Cinematography is beautiful and works to its corresponding scenes and establishes a world that is properly built. The pacing of the storyline is slow and at the same time intense. The show also just looks chilly to emphasize a world full of terror, and that's what I guess I'm trying to paint the world as, just objectively terrifying.<br/><br/>Now onto the cast. Everyone fits their role beautifully, even the supporting minor characters feel real and human, which is extremely difficult to do when you have such a huge number of people. Stellan Skarsgard and Jared Harris are particularly amazing and I'm glad they got a lot of screen time and the show knows just how much to balance the amount of time each character has in the show for it to not feel overbearing. Everyone else does a stellar job in portraying their characters and gave an in depth portrayal where they feel like actual human beings. The historical inaccuracies can be labelled as proper creative freedom. One such example is having one character play the role of the numerous scientists who worked to uncover what actually happened in Chernobyl. I am of course talking about Ulana Khomyuk played by Emily Watson. Her playing the role of several people work to the show's benefit as it makes it easier to follow the storyline from her point of view as the scientists. From an audience's perspective this was the right decision to make the flow of events easier to understand. Character motivations are well defined and realistic with just a hint of selfishness to them making them more human. The overall theme of the show, which is tragedy through humans, is done right by making human characters feel very real and grounded.<br/><br/>The threat of the show lies within the realm of reality and makes it relatable. Living in a world full of constant threats due to nuclear powers is powerful and imagining being in their shoes can be an enlightening experience. Losing our homes and becoming alienated is also an aspect that is explored later in the show and adds an incredible impact to how the world is built.<br/><br/>Overall the show is absolutely incredible and a powerful work of cinema, I guess the only reason why this isn't a 10/10 is more of a personal preference. I don't usually enjoy historical movies but this one I really love. Definitely give this a watch. It could be better dealing with one of the worst man made disasters of modern time.It is promising in the beginning but it didn't catch me hooked on as it goes.With a small number of episodes, i expected each and every one of them to be better than the other. Keeping in mind that it is a dramatized documentary mini series i definitely put it on the list with the good ones! Not judging the presented explanation about the cause of the disaster, i expected to see a more spherical point of view about the possible ones. Good acting and really nice images. I was 9 years old when this actually happened so I was never really aware of this event. Watching this, and learning that this actually happened, sent chills down my spine. The whole atmosphere of this series was so unnerving and chilling. The acting, the passion, the script, all outstanding. The repercussions of what this disaster has caused and to finally have a tv series like this to show us our history is beyond all expectations. I've watched documentaries about Chernobyl, since watching this and the radiation in that area is still off the charts. People still work there to contain that area. It's absolute madness and it's quite possible that this disaster, will end our planet. I never rate anything online but this will be my first time and this series was worth every single star I gave it. I feel horrible for everything that happened and everyone affected. This show is a 100% must see Never before have I seen such truly believable television making than this series. It may not have every single fact or characterisation perfect but it is as close as drama tv or film making has ever got over 5 hours of watching time. The acting, scenes and historical place depicted is a revelation. Thank goodness they used British actors as i am sure Americans would have list all the reality it needed. It is compulsive viewing and serves as a warning to us all. See it and be amazed. I have never left a review before, but this show deserves one. This is a must watch for anyone who wants to learn about Chernobyl. Absolutely fantastic! Greatest series i have ever seen soo much better then game of thrones "Chernobyl" is an engrossing docu-drama about the nuclear reactor disaster that happened in 1986. It is realistic to a fault and captures the imagination of its viewers despite everyone knowing what the ending will be. Stellan Skarsgård, Jared Harris and Emily Watson give amazing performances in this short but sweet mini series.<br/><br/>With this being said, "Chernobyl" is a completely different kind of show when compared to a more "regular" series like "Breaking Bad" or "Game Of Thrones". Seeing "Chernobyl" at the top of IMDb's list simply doesn't make any sense. It looks like the votes were placed by disgruntled GOT fans after being short changed with Season 8's finale. However masterful "Chernobyl" is, I seriously doubt it will remain at the top spot before the year ends.
How IMDb sort out these type of votes remains a true mystery (Chernobyl only has a fraction of the votes of Breaking Bad or Game Of Thrones).<br/><br/>Still, "Chernobyl" is great if not, extremely dark entertainment, that showcases one of the main reasons why the Soviet Union collapsed in the early 1990's. Happened in small country but, it impacts the whole world. Hats off to HBO for bringing such stories which people hardly remembers. This initiative has not only impacted awareness among but, also gained attention to all those who still doing wrong in nuclear plants An absolutely masterful telling of the most horrifying accident human kind has ever seen. So graphic and haunting, especially the early fire fighting scenes with helicopters directly entering the radioactive cloud and at times exploding. The human sacrifice is incalculable and largely accidental. Seemingly no one knew what they were dealing with, especially and including innocent observers on the "bridge of death". Must see especially for those of us old enough to remember that actual event. The cinematic quality is unbelievable.
Every Episode makes you feel that you are part of that disaster and then you ask questions to yourself.
Don,t miss it Didn't know if any show could make me say this...
But it really is better than Breaking Bad..... Thanks to HBO for a detailed view on this disaster.I liked first 2 episodes and the finale.Well done! I'll go with 10/10 Nice movei wow<br/><br/>oooooh shsjshsvewieviwwvhszvshavhs<br/><br/>
whshsusiwvsjsisshsuwigsisizbdjdjdbjshw I am Egyptian and am afraid to use those chemicals as we will be chernobyl Part 2 Growing up in Sweden, I remember exactly the Chernobyl disaster, being 17 years old. This is really a television masterpiece, And I really don't remember having seen something so well made ever. All the details, the depiction, the colours takes you back in time to 1986, to the grey-ish Chernobyl. The cast is phenomenal, with epic performances by Stellan Skarsgård and Jared Harris. Loved it! It managed to provide an in-site into a situation not talked about much. The first time I had heard of this disaster was in 2009, after - yes as a sheltered American- playing a video game called STALKER. I became fascinated with it. I studied it.<br/><br/>I then had a Polish chemistry professor in undergrad who was working in Warsaw where they detected dangerously high levels of nuclear particulate, and started giving the country iodine pills. Her story was shocking and everyone in the room was silent, eyes wide open, almost in shock.<br/><br/>I married a Polish woman in 2016. Her mom, who still lives in Poland, went to shelters nearby in Ukraine, and helped out with the disfigured and badly harmed kids and people. This was some years ago. She was witness to the horrors that Chernobyl spawned, she was very sad about it telling it to me.<br/><br/>I have watched many YT videos of low budget documentaries of the event and or what it is like now.<br/><br/>This series portrays such an unnerving look into the event, and the personnel that surrounded the event, it is hard to watch. It truly is hard to fathom this happened.<br/><br/>10/10 perfect show. Why? Because truth is much more appealing to see than fiction. As a Swede born in 1972 I was a teen when this happened. The information was pretty confused, panicced and I remember alot of warnings about reindeer meat and the Sami whos livelyhood was basically erdicated. But mostly I remember that eerie feeling of dread of something invisible yet mortally dangerous.<br/><br/>About dread, it sums up this amazing telling by the guy usually known as Stakka Bo, a 90's Techno musician, in Sweden. I need not describe the narrative details as other already have done, but only commemorate the incredible sacrifice made by all these men and women caught in a system grinding them to pieces a little more every day, yet having the clarity and spine to do this for all our sake. It's heartbreakingly well depicted and should be obligatory watching for anyone contemplating the positives of authoritarian regimes. That short series will show You how flawless can be a lie. All you need in a series. Educational and interesting way of showing real-life story we all heard about but obviously we knew nothing. Dark and secret politic side is nicely shown without too much details but just enough to keep us interested and blown-away. Same thing is done with physics in this series - it may seem complicated at first, but it is just about right to understand everything. That part is especially perfectly shown in the last episode (Legasov's speech on trial) which was also great wrap-up of the whole series. Everything just made sense in this series and its ending - we found out what happened, we confirmed who is guilty and we finally found out what was the point of the first scene in the first episode. It was an interesting movie, so perfected for those who like decomntries. This is a once in a generation outstanding program. Compulsive from start to finish. The incident that occurred at the Chernobyl nuclear power facility in 1986 has always interested me. After watching various documentaries, I could give you a simple version of what happened and why. The effects it had on the landscape and it's people. And perhaps offer a glimmer of the danger the world faced then. I was therefore eager to see HBO's miniseries, "Chernobyl", when I heard it was coming. Little did I know when I sat down for that first of five episodes, that I would experience the desperate atmosphere and sheer terror that was the situation as it happened.<br/><br/>Each episode drips with a tense, frightening air of doom. Almost like a post-apocalyptic series, but with the cold, sobering fact that this truly happened. From the reactor crew and management's initial handling of the scene after the explosion, to the first responders, to the smaller and eventually larger Soviet government response, and the massive clean-up and prevention efforts. It is a draining, grueling experience.<br/><br/>Odd coming from Craig Mazin, the guy who brought us such goofy titles as "The Hangover" films and "Identity Thief", who shows just how capable of serious writing he is here as few words are wasted and each exchange is of the utmost urgency. I was hanging on every word. It helps that it's delivered by some top notch talent like Jared Harris, Stellan Skarsgård, and Emily Watson who each turn in top notch performances. With wonderful supporting roles by Jessie Buckley, Paul Ritter, David Dencik, and Barry Keoghan. But what really sets this series apart has to be the direction of music video ace, Johan Renck, and the terrifying score by Hildur Guðnadóttir. Who combine to deliver a visual and audio experience that will stick with you long after you're finished watching.<br/><br/>This series is HBO's best miniseries since "Band of Brothers" and possibly, the best ever made. It is not for the faint of heart. Usually things are not when the focus is on the human element. That thing which caused the disaster and led to it's almost miraculous resolution. A piece like this comes once in a generation and I am so glad I made a point to watch it. As you should, too. And get an answer to the question, "What is the cost of lies?" Watch. Learn. Incredibly beautiful, brutal and devastating impact - yeah, of the truth. The reality of the Chernobyl catastrophe I was aware of before, yet was left shocked after watching this flawless tv show and began to bring back my personal memories.
I visited Odessa, Soviet Ucraine at the time in 1989, spent there two months as a young university student, during the last two years of a falling, brutal empire. Everything reflected in the mini series was so realistic. I saw the inhuman Soviet blocks of flats, people joining the queue in front of miserable grocery stores, hoping to buy some food, which was never certain. Saw the clothes of the masses of poor people, saw the hopelessness, widespread alcoholism. Everything depicted in the show was really close to reality I saw 20 years ago. Of course our official university hosts lied to us about Chernobyl, or changed the subject when we asked anything about it. Privately people were more open, but still tried to talk to us silently.
I found them, (Soviet) Ucranians nice, friendly and kind, despite everything. I wanted to visit Chernobyl, I was twenty and a young 'crazy' man, but we were told we cannot even visit Kijev without official permission. So we went where we could, from the Crimea to Lviv, but none of us was allowed to the Chernobyl-Pripjat region, we took a train which was crossing the countryside like 100 kilometers away from the Exclusion Zone.
Ucraine gained independence since then and got some freedom after 70 years, the Soviet Union collapsed, yet Russia (official successor of the Soviet Union), and comrade Putin are still refusing to admit everything.
What is more, Moscow attacks this mini series. The KGB (only its name was changed) regained power, and the atmosphere is getting closer and closer to the Soviet times. Falsification of history is an official practice again. The power, which is responsible for this inconceivable catastropy, which killed and poisoned its citizens, letting get away the real perpetrators, was reborn and does exist again. Its very essence, based on lies, poses a threat to the free world. Watch one or maybe two episodes then youre hooked! As with almost everyone else, this show is amazing.
I've always had a fascination with Chernobyl, it's just one of those disasters I remember seeing on the news as a child. I was glued to every episode and at the end, I just had to sit and contemplate what I just watched, it almost had me in tears.
People say it's not as good as breaking bad etc, why compare it? This actually happened. It's borderline a documentary. This series has offered one of the best television experiences I've ever had and I could not recommend it enough!<br/><br/>The story manages to balance political drama as well a bit of family drama, moral conflict and of course the actual specifics of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster itself with such ease and precision that none of these plots feel dull.<br/><br/>It tells the very human story behind the devastating event and brings to light the sacrifices ordinary people made in order to save thousands if not millions of people. I would often sit and marvel at how interesting the events at Chernobyl were and although the show wasn't 100% factually accurate it still delivered a satisfying and gripping story that pays respect to the individuals involved in the cleanup of one of the worst man made disasters that ever took place. Incredible story-telling and great attention to detail for both the factual and visual aspects of the events surrounding the Chernobyl disaster and the Soviet Union. It is a fact that the actual story can not, in any way, be completely represented into any kind of motion pictures. The series visualized the most iconic parts of the story. Which is why i highly rated it. It did not try to fudge up the missing parts and the uncertain truth. It simply told a true, noteworthy, story.<br/><br/>Other things i noticed, surprisingly, is how scientifically on point it was. They even did well recreating the locations, the control panel room and everything else. It certainly made it easier to try and live the moment. I don't like American movies about Russians or even with some short episodes about Russians. Usually, because of inappropriate details. Clothes, uniforms, talks never match historical period or situation. Actors speak Russian and do it horribly. Writings, papers, and various control panels always contain nonsensical set of cyrillic letters.<br/><br/>This film is just a masterpiece! The details level is unprecedented. Each and every small piece of scene is carefully recreated and put into its place. Unbelievable. Bravo. Characters are well played, and the events are extremely close to reality, as much as it's allowed, not being documentary.<br/><br/>I saw a sincere respect to those who sacrificed their lives , struggling with consequences and preventing yet heavier ones.<br/><br/>Great thanks to creators and entire crew.
In memory of heroes. It described human beings very well, greedy I meant here. I don't like history but I like when I watch or I read something for entertainment that happened! They described Chernobyl disaster very well and all will love it! they also told us some facts about Russia and the entire world.
In this miniseries we have been told that humans do a lot of things wrong, but also they mentioned that we have to be mistaken to civilization, none (humans or not) could make something first time perfectly.. we sometimes sacrifice ourselves, plants, animals or any other thing we could use in such world (no matter existences state if in or out the galaxy ) .. we could use any to live to invest to invent to discover to die to be the man kind that keep thinking . Felt like the old days in the communist regime. Misery, devotion, helplessness, incompetence - all these were well shown by the authors. I kept staring in the black screen long after each episode.
This series is a nuclear explosion in the post-soviet media vacuum. Awesome! I'm from Kazan, Russia and and I want to express my thanks and approval to everyone who participated in the creation of the mini-series and a separate scriptwriter for the plot. As well as the producer for the brilliant entourage and atmosphere. This is an exceptional masterpiece. Wow, just wow. Chilling, bleak, shocking, beautiful, heartbreaking, educational. I could go on and on. I felt as though the first episode was a bit jumbled (perhaps it was shot that way purposefully because of how jumbled the event was); however, the finale made up for it ten-fold.<br/><br/>As a lover of cinema, in it's entirety, I felt as though I was watching Polish writer/director Krzysztof Kieslowski provide the back drop for brilliant European actors reading physics textbooks (all wonderful things in my opinion!)<br/><br/>As a human being, after reading through the other reviews on here written by folks from Ukraine/Belarus/Russia, many of which gave 10/10 for accuracy, I am even more floored. I highly recommend watching this. Yup, it's totally worth a title of best fictionalized series ever. Incredible direction, brilliant sound design, spectacular effects that's not intrusive, used exclusively to help to tell a story and the script itself, which goes marvelously well with the historical events - what can be better? Some said that 4th episode was a tag and series started to digress, but fortunately it served like a fantastic jumping point for episode 5 which wrapped whole story and all arcs up, restoring missing pieces of the puzzle of this horrible catastrophe and crowning it with glowing hope of triumph of the human spirit, which allowed not only to stop Chernobyl disaster from killing all of the humanity, but also to prevent 60 absolutely identical incidents on other power plants. And that's all under an immeasurable pressure of Soviet totalitarian regime, which was comparable to that pressure in reactor when it exploded. Same thing what did Soviet Union to itself five years after the disaster, figuratively speaking.
The series teaching us an important lesson about responsibility and non-conformism to systems of repression, which USSR was. Shall I remember you how Chernobyl shelter was funded by European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and built by the French consortium Novarka, because party leaders flee to Russia and refused to clear a mess they created? Even if Chernobyl itself is a thing from the past at the moment, viewers should remember that it didn't go away completely: it just took a form of Russian Federation, which for a brief moment tried to mimicate and appear to be vegetarian. Repressive system is alive and more ferocious than ever, evidently, as you can see by the acts of this state, which started from repressions for it's own citizens and now is all about annexing other countries, poisoning British citizens with radioactive elements, intervene in literally any elections in any major country and threatens to nuke their neighbors.
We can beat this threat again. Together. So remember about Chernobyl and don't let Russia do it again. The people need's to see this fantastic tv series. It's the best tv series. Good actors and the action follow the real events of that year. Great job! Very well directed and shoot. Looks like we are observing all incident in front of it. Theme is 90's so it never look like mistake could have been resisted. However we can easily spot out politics in 'Science and Technology'. If you want to watch negative side of integration of Politics and Science then it is here. Director stop own self from using 'modern technology' in series so its remained series of 90'S This series so far seems well written and it appears people do their fact checking. It is so eerily real that it is hard to watch at times. As a millennial I never knew just how corrupt the USSR was at the time and how much their pride blinded them from admitting mistakes. Chernobyl makes it clear that socialist governments can become downright scary during times of crisis. The fear is when the government wants to get away fully from this rather than the disaster itself. A gripping story with a really good cinematography
direction
cgi
everything is really exquisite I give the series credit for doing a series about Chernobyl at all, in hope it will spur people to learn about the incident. It is just badly done. About 25 years ago, I read a U.S. Government report detailing the Chernobyl incident. If you've read government reports, you know the writing is dry, technical, and stiff. That report was far more interesting than this series. The show is badly directed and cut, showing slow action in slow motion; showing people pacing while the action occurs offscreen; etc. The show actually plays down the heroism of many of the plant workers and first responders, which came through clearly in the emotionless report detailing their actions. The report's raw content was enough to deliver a strong emotional impact that has stayed with me these decades. The series does the victims and the world a disservice. OK this is a true story - but all these 10/10 reviews - please get real.<br/><br/>This is not Breaking bad or prison break (First 2 seasons) - or even Dexter - all 9/10. This is a true story and it's reasonably told. Nothing more. Don't understand why it's so hard to find real russian-speaking actors for this. otherwise, just don't make it at all. genghis khan played by john wayne. a half-asian played by emma stone. cultural appropriation lives on.. This Series Is One OF The Best Ever....................................... Certain aspects of it were exaggerated, such as the helicopter crash, which actually did happen, but several weeks later. However, it wasn't the direct result of radiation poisoning, rather because it struck a tower. Also, not nearly as many people were killed as a direct result of the initial explosion, which was implied, but many others eventually succumbed to the effects of radioactive poisoning, in the forthcoming weeks, months, and years later (largely due to increased cancer rates.)<br/><br/>On the other hand, the Chernobyl disaster did actually heavily contaminate large areas of the surrounding area, and also in a much larger area, to some extent, to the point where some parts have been left permanently uninhabitable. In terms of the effects of extreme radioactive poisoning, what it showed, some people looking like that, with their bodies degenerating, as unconformable as that might seem, it is what actually happens in extreme cases of radioactive poisoning. Arrogant engineers deny serious accidents, fanatical politicians block the city and news, innocent and innocent children play in the dust of the explosion, and hell comes to chernobyl. It is a catastrophe born of human arrogance, bigotry and ignorance. After watching this series, I found it hard to describe to others other then they absolutely should have this on their list of must sees. Its haunting and chilling, but so beautifully done. It sucks you in from the very beginning and you can just feel it as you watch. This and the subject matter makes it also hard to watch at times, and I can imagine some may not be able to get through it due to how much it manages to tap into those feelings and emotions. But Im glad I made it to the end. Amazing work. Great to watch.<br/><br/>Good acting, good shots, good colour grading, good atmosphere.
Nice building up tension and also explaining something to a greater public by making it visual and exciting.<br/><br/>Only one thing kept me back for giving it the full 10 points, the language. It would be absolutely perfect in every sense if the actors all spoke Russian during the entire series. Language is an important aspect, also accents, to fully raise the atmosphere to the full 100 percent.<br/><br/>If the language, or accent, does not bother you at all, I must say it is nice to watch it without subtitles, than you will like this 10 out of 10 stars.<br/><br/>Recommended: Yes. Craig Mazin the director, and the DP are wizards of their craft in this series.
Literally EVERY shot is interesting, well-timed, perfectly lighted, perfectly composed, and coordinated with the story. One of the things I noted and fully appreciated was the underscoring of the lies of the Communist system----The State over all...the people themselves were expendable.
The acting by every person in this production was outstanding....I felt that everyone connected with this took ownership of the work and it really shows. I could not stop watching this story. And whoever did the make-up and prosthetics should win an Emmy. The scenes of the final days of the technicians dying in the hospitals was truly unnerving and horrific.
This is a great work. The only thing missing was some more visualisation of the core meltdown process aka CGI. Like how did the elephant foot form or the graphite tips cause the explosion in the first place. However, the lack of special effects doesn't affect the impact and tension of the show at all. It would just be nice to have had. Storytelling and acting is probably amongst the best in the last decade. Wise choice to not impose fake russian accents, it allowed the actors to give much more depth to the characters they deserved. If people think the series doesn't pay enough tribute to the heroic actions of the workers, you're dead wrong. This program was one of the most haunting productions I think I've ever seen. The reality of the Chernobyl disaster was much worse than I imagined, it rippled through so many lives and is such a sad story that I was riveted throughout the series. From my very limited knowledge of Russian history it always seemed a culture of sacrifice, suffering and heroism. All of these things are represented. Then on top of the horror they are dealing with lower levels of the Soviet government trying desperately for a time to cover up the true extent of the disaster. The acting was extraordinary as they bring the heroes and suffering to life. Highly recommended. Many many many thanks for Craig Mazin for the modification of mic place in the court scene in episode 5 during the speech of Valery Legasov An absolutely sensational, overwhelming, convincingly disturbing masterpiece from HBO in order to restore my faith in them, after the GoT season finale. True facts amd figures have always been in question and will still be debatable. But for what it matters, the miniseries succeeded in engaging my attention throughout the series.
I took notice of some remarkable minor details, espcially those in the sound editing area. A wonderful job done in creating the real feel of how horrid the experience must have been through the noice of dosimeters buzzing, metals clanking, soft wind hurling, construction noises, sirens blaring...amids some silent graphic images of the catastrophe. I am so glad that the creators went for these features instead of adding some simple melancholic, sad song in BGM. Every episode has been well directed and is definitely worth an >9 on IMDB. Bone chilling experience is what Chernobyl gives . Big lies and their cost that we paid was more than we could afford. Must watch. The show captures the atmosphere perfectly. The writers and directors artfully guide the audience with each moment. I wasn't ready for this show and I can say now it changed everything I knew about Chernobyl.<br/><br/>As an added benefit, you will also gain some science facts about nuclear power plants from the show. Both documentary and fiction. Both beautiful and ugly. Inspiring and terrifying. Shows us the best and the worst in people. A brilliant dichotomy of emotions, images and ideas.<br/><br/>It's no wonder that the ratings are as they are and that the entire world is talking about Chernobyl. Contrasts like these are what make it the amazing piece of art it is. Without seeing the simple beauty of human happiness that is talked about in Tales of Chernobyl and the like, we couldn't appreciate the extend of the disaster. A tale about atoms and machines would be interesting for some, yes, but we have those, they were done before. A story about people inevitably reaches everyone. Both sides of the story, the great and the terrible, work together to send the same powerful message, amplified a thousandfold by the fact that Chernobyl is not the work of a writer's imagination, but instead something that actually happened to our parents and grandparents and many of ourselves as well.<br/><br/>I definitely can't remember the last time a work of art inspired me as much outside of just the experience it offered. I spent whole nights reading, interviewed older folks who remember the incident (living in a former USSR country myself), watched every additional resource I could find, did research on other nuclear disasters and the response to them, which then led me to humanitarian and environmental cryses in general etc... Just 5 episodes make me feel richer now and a better person because they led me to information and ideas and convictions I didn't have before. If that isn't art at its best, I don't know what is.<br/><br/>And I won't even mention the production quality because so many others already have. As a young video and sound editor who hopes to work in cinema one day, I could and will use this show as a textbook. I will analyze every shot and every sound and think about their narrative purpose and technical parameters. And I'll become a better professional because of it. If that isn't art at its best, I don't know what is.<br/><br/>I guess the purpose of these ramblings is to tell the creators of the show, because I know some of them are reading this sub - thank you for this magnificent manual on how to be better. We will treasure it forever. You are magnificent humans and should be proud. That's it. HBO's "Chernobyl" (2019) is ... flawless, as far as I can tell. I can't name a single criticism I have of its writing, directing or performances. It is among the best miniseries I've ever seen, and I don't hesitate to rate it a 10 out of 10.<br/><br/>I can't comment with any credibility about its historical accuracy, of course. I know that the character of Ulana Khomyuk (wonderfully played by Emily Watson) was a composite meant to represent a number of scientists responding to the world-changing 1986 nuclear disaster; HBO notes this in its closing notes of the last episode. But, to an average viewer like myself, the show certainly felt accurate - not once did I pause to remember that I was watching a TV show, and not getting a real-life glimpse into the closing days of the Soviet Union. There is an immersive authenticity to "Chernobyl" that underscores every second of the horrors it depicts.<br/><br/>The entire five-episode program is an exercise in balance. Screenwriter Craig Mazin deftly portrays terrifying events (including the effects of radiation exposure on average people nearby) without sensationalizing them.<br/><br/>The show does a masterful job of explaining the necessary technical information without overwhelming the viewer. I typically have some trouble following material like this, and I understood most of it. (The relationship between Jared Harris' character and Stellan Skarsgard's character helps quite a bit. The former is a leading nuclear scientist who explains things in layman's terms for the latter, who is a high-ranking Soviet official supervising the disaster response.)<br/><br/>And the script is ultimately quite moving, without once approaching the threshold of melodrama. The character interaction and dialogue is a lot more restrained than you might expect for this subject matter. But I was surprised at the sense of sympathy for the Russian people that this engendered for me, and at the dismay I felt for the visceral technological horrors they faced. (The show admirably highlights how average Russians were very much like Americans in 1986, albeit under an oppressive government. It was ironic how some characters ominously referred to "The West," with the same apprehension as people here in the 1980's referred to "the Russians.")<br/><br/>It's a nuanced script too. By the times the miniseries concludes, the viewer comes to understand that the putative "bad guys" are scapegoats who are not fully and solely responsible for the disaster. (And the character arc for Skarsgard's bureaucrat is a compelling redemption.) More troubling, though, is that some of the "good guys" we are rooting for are also not completely inculpable.<br/><br/>For me, though, Chernobyl succeeded mostly because of Harris and Skarsgard. They were both phenomenally good - perfect, in fact. They are accomplished actors who have the subtlety and restraint to play men from a stoical culture who must nonetheless have human reactions to tragedy.<br/><br/>I obviously recommend this. A very hard watch but a necessary one. Much more frightening than any doom laden blockbuster. The attention to detail is faultless. The era is drab and hard, and the Government arrogant and suspicious. The explosion was 400 times stronger than Hiroshima. Unimaginable. An excellent film, with a lot of details about the Chernobyl disaster. Too bad there were only five episodes. A brilliant HBO miniseries about historical event, world's largest man made disaster.
A brilliant acting and captivating drama and thriller. I never thought of Nuclear Power such a dangerous thing if it goes unchecked. I think it is vulnerable to not only human errors but also to the man made attacks it is dangerous because radioactivity has a very wide range in terms of space and time. This mini drama successfully depict this side of nuclear power too. Also unlike other TV series it also show human side of some good soviet people too. In this way this is a balanced series for some pro soviet audience too. Just an amazing show. Very well scripted, casted, and performed. This is first time I wrote review on the movie...
But this not the movie. Not mini-series, not documentary. THIS IS CONCENTRATED TRUTH. Watch only if you can handle it. Or you will chock on it. Truth is the last thing you expect to see on TV. Entertainment, horrors, lies of all type, propaganda, points of view, but not the TRUTH. Truth is shocking. Especially if you live in fairyland with unicorns crapping rainbows.
I was born in Kiev, Ukraine in 1977. 70 miles away from the Chernobyl Plant. So I remember life in USSR very well. I never thought I will ever see true Soviet Union on TV. The real one. Not Russian nostalgia, not American stereotype. And this is it... Down to the tinniest detail like hair style, license plates and even right facial expression of certain people. The "Chernobyl" will give it to you. The sad, ugly truth. Not all of it, just a small chunk. But just this small piece will give you idea what socialism is . It is LIE. One huge lie and millions of small ones. State is lying to the people, people lie back to the state. And everyone is pretending he believes in it.
I was reading review by people from Poland, Bulgaria, ets. They was TOLD to stay inside from day one. They was given iodine tablets(the critical thing in first 10 days after the blast). In Ukraine, Belarus or Russia NO ONE WAS TOLD. NO ONE! The first iodine tablet I saw was 8 month AFTER the blast. Instead it was massive cover up, by the 29th we knew SOMETHING happened. But no evacuation, nothing. The forced as, kids, to May Day parade! My mother, my uncle and many of my friends died from leukemia. OVER TEN MILLION PEOPLE WAS EXPOSED TO RADIATION! Only because Soviet Union was trying to cover up one of great many catastrophes ... Just think about it. PRICE OF LIES... Chernobyl is a tragedy that is still very touching to a lot of people in a post soviet regions. Just finished last episode couldn't hold my tears. Incredible work was done, amazed how they were able to put together perfect Soviet Union time picture. Details are well thought through. Head of KGB looks like Chebrikov ( actual head of KGB at that time) as well as Legasov. Great job! Acting is brilliant! the story line is interesting and music and actual footage ( Soviet tv announcement, announcement of evacuation) touching your heart even more.
Thank you for such a great show! It deserves 10/10 and all the awards! I could not stop watching this. This series grabbed my family and me from the opening scene with Legasov. We felt every emotion that was expected - fear, disbelief, anger, sadness, etc. The cinematography was absolutely incredible and the actors were all stellar - no Russian accent required.<br/><br/>The epilogue - with its pictures, worded updates, and haunting music - gave a whole new meaning to "hair raising" and "spine-tingling." Absolutely amazing job, HBO! ALL shows should strive to exceed the level that this series has now set forth. The HBO miniseries Chernobyl is the best thing on tv for 2019, maybe in 20 years. I was going to cancel HBO when Game of Thrones but happily came across Chernobyl and was hooked instantly. While watching each episode I was glued to my seat. Not wanted to g er t up even for the restroom. Nothing since The Matrix has had th as t effect on me. Visually and audibly outstanding
Even with no dialogue between characters you feel the pain, shock, and utter eerily uncomfortable feeling. Strike absolute silent terror. Must see.... 10/10<br/><br/>It's just absolutely gripping at all times. The best TV show ever. Period. I wasn't expecting much at the beginning of the series as some docudrama shows have not been great but Chernobyl has been impressive from the outset. What a well made and timed show.<br/><br/>The potential damage that could have been brought to Europe is truly captured in the show Nuclear reactors and radiation can be kind of abstract to think about because most of us have never seen it in real life but this series does a really good job of explaining how it all works, what happens if you're too close to it and so on. The actors are great and the show is well written.
This show is not for children or the faint-hearted. You will feel as if you are living one-on-one after that day. This is my first time giving any review in IMDB. Just want to say this serie is just awesome. Recommended! An absolute masterpiece, from the writing to the filming this epic mini series captures everything you could have ever imagined that awful time to be. This will have you gripped and saddened from start to finish with the acting, AMAZING I'm not by any means a critic or an expert but I have seen almost everything in cinema and series and I must say that this (in my opinion) is an absolute masterpiece of modern cinema. The cinematography, the music the atmosphere it just oozes quality and sucks you on completely. The acting is spot on. The writing isn't perfect in some parts but still almost flawless. Breathtaking. This will go down as one of the best series or even movies ever made. Mark my words. Must watch!!! I simply cannot name a better series from the last thirty years. I half remember the impact that series like The Thorn Birds and Death of a Princess had in the UK. This should surpass both if there's any justice.<br/><br/>I cannot find fault with a single aspect from the acting and soundtrack, to pacing and sheer horror that you can't turn your eyes from because it's so true to life.<br/><br/>A masterpiece, simple as that I've always been intrest in the Chernobyl accident and similar accidents like Fukushima. I've seen a lot of documentaries on these two and other radioactive places, but this is something totally different. Just watch it please! The reality of the narrative has a great impact on humankind, and short serial is a positive one. I'm really impressed. I was obsessed last year with this subject. I still can believe how stupid we can be... soooo proud that we don't wanna ask for help from others. The most visceral, haunting and intense show I have watched. The cinematography, acting, writing, pacing, music... everything is just top-notch. Cannot recommend it highly enough! The HBO podcast that accompanies each episode is great too.<br/><br/>Sometimes dramatised TV can do more to open your eyes than any other medium. Very good and intense tv series. Filming location, Lithuania very interesting, and accurate. A bitter fact on man made catastrophe.
A true story affected a millions. Okay, so I've read every one of the 299 reviews on here, and I have seen the series, and I can say, with absolute certainty, that this is THE single, most disturbing, terrifying, heartbreaking, thought-provoking, very foundation SHAKING, piece of cinema that I have been witness to in my 43 years on this Earth!<br/><br/>This is quality, from top to bottom, in every possible sense. eg: writing, cinematography, acting (oh boy the acting), accuracy (sure a few liberties were taken for dramatic effect but a LOT less than you'd think), and just sheer profound IMPACT that it brings with it. I know it has been "made-for-tv" (cable tv anyway), but it is, in my humble opinion, actually Oscar calibre, and I believe its time to create a tv category for the Oscars, JUST FOR THIS SERIES.
That's how good this is.<br/><br/>Now, you may wonder: "why doesn't this have a perfect 10 across the board then? Like I said at the beginning, I have read every single one of the 299 other reviews for this on IMDB, and you know what? Even the people that gave low scores, their almost universal, one and only gripe? British accents instead of Russian ones. That's it.
And of those 299, there were less than 10 other negative reviews that gave other reasons, such as them thinking it wasn't accurate enough, ONE person had a problem with the technical details (and I mean science details, things 99% of us wouldn't notice anyway), and one other person had a problem with the wind direction mentioned in one episode...that's it. ONE person said they couldn't feel anything at all for the story or the characters (OK you're obviously a pure sociopath then), and ONE person had a problem that they added 1 fictional female scientist into the story, for dramatic effect.
Those are the ONLY reasons for negative reviews, and in fact, this series, on IMDB, has received more 10/10 than anything else EVER has on here. (yes, including Game Of Thrones).<br/><br/>Think about that for a second. That means, with the literal exception of a few nit-pickers, THIS IS UNIVERSALLY believed to be one of the greatest works of cinematic history!!<br/><br/>Watch it. It's perfect. Enough said. 10/10++++ I would love to give the series a 10 and would but for one glaring issue. I knocked off 3 stars because everyone has a British accent. Now I love Brit actors and actresses, they are top of the game. However, for Chernobyl, Pripyat, Ukraine, and Russia; and for as much money going into these series, why can't the producers take the project to the next level. Use actors/actresses that can perform with an Eastern European, Ukrainian, and or Russian accent. At this day and age for a historical piece, if someone has a British accent in Russia they might assume a British person was actually there. It's not white washing, but certainly sounds wrong on the screen.<br/><br/>Outside of this it's a great series. An event I've been fascinated with since I was a kid in the 80s. Really pushed me to start reading more on the Chernobyl as well as Fukushima. The idea is good, but done poorly. As always, the devil is in the details. But in the details of this film is very bad. And it's not the actors' fault. Just half the film is prejudice and fiction. Waited so long to watch this show to find out that all the actors sound like they've escaped from Emmerdale Farm.
There are no genuine Ukrainian actors, which I believe is important seen as though this is where the disaster happened.
Switch it now and say the Ukrainians did a 100% none British production of a British disaster, they'd find it strange and somewhat offensive too. It shows how the socialism might ruin every country and all of it's people. Episode 2 Though the fall out is effecting Scandinavia and Germany, he orders the helicopters to come in from the west. This would be directly in the radiation's path. A stern warning of a show about the horrors of a nuclear meltdown in the Soviet regime and how it was brought about by the idealistically driven dishonesty and collectivistic propaganda of the far left. Wherein the writers shoehorn in their propagandistic Mary Sue-character Khomyuk. The left never learns. The show is beautifully acted and presented, but much of the story and even elements of the script are lifted from a BBC production from 2006.<br/><br/>This irks me. for example:<br/><br/>"Legasov: It seems there's almost no-one in this room who understands what this means. It's on fire. The graphite moderator, which in itself is just - unbelievably radioactive, and what's left of the fuel core, are on fire. Now, that's about two and a half thousand tons of carbon, which, burning at one ton an hour will burn roughly - for 3 months. And every day that it burns it will send into the atmosphere more radiation than has ever been released in - in all the nuclear accidents that have ever happened anywhere in the world all put together. Every day! For 3 months! You have my word that people that are asleep in their beds in this town tonight have effectively died today. As I speak, radiation is entering the bodies of everybody in this room, everybody outside for hundreds of miles. We can no longer pretend. It's criminal. And - and it's got to stop. And you<br/><br/><ul><li>pointing at Boris Scherbina -</li></ul><br/><br/>Legasov: have got to stop it."<br/><br/>Quote from "Surviving Disaster - Chernobyl Nuclear Disaster", BBC, 2006. These are actual things that happened in the first 30 minutes of the first episode.<br/><br/>After being told by 3 separate power plant employees that the core has exploded, including one employee who was sent to physically check the reactor and comes back with an eye witness account that the core has in fact exploded, the chief engineer, the guy in charge of a nuclear power plant continues to act as if they're having minor technical difficulties, even when the guy comes back from the core and starts vomiting blood on the floor.<br/><br/>Firemen in a city that was built to house workers from a nuclear power plant attend a massive explosion at said power plant and walk around picking up the strange looking pieces of metal that have been blown out of the reactor.<br/><br/>Relatives of the people working at the power plant walk around outside at one in the morning accompanied by their babies in prams to look at the huge fire ball emitting from the power plant about half a mile away and comment how they're not in any danger because the fire at the nuclear power plant is all the way over there.<br/><br/>A nurse upon seeing the huge fire at the power plant asks a doctor, a doctor who works at a hospital in a city who's sole purpose for being founded was to serve a nuclear power plant, f they have any Iodine pills, Iodine pills, the single most common form of treatment against radiation contamination, and the doctor says, and I'm not making this up, "Why would we need Iodine pills?"<br/><br/>At this point I decided my time could be better spent. I started out the series super excited, I love history, atomic energy and making fun of the soviet state. The show was very well made and every few scenes I was blown away, "Wow did that really happen? I can't believe that!" After a couple episodes I decided to do some fact checking because, well, I love history. Lo and behold I come to find that almost every event about this show was made up according to the UN report. This show is very biased towards an anti-soviet stance, which is fine but don't pretend to be a historical show. I don't even know what to believe. If you watch this show, and don't care about this historical accuracy and want a fun sci-fi historical fiction. Pick this up, it deserves an 8/10 if it weren't for the lies. Great cinematography that creates a sense of realism, but they really should have used Russian actors. The British accents just don't work. Overrated with mediocre acting and terrible accents, would rather have had subtitles to make it more authentic, don't believe the hype . So many 10/10 reviews make me think that these were done by HBO and sky employees to get subscriptions up especially when the majority of the reviewers have never reviewed anything in the past Not telling the Truth was so Normal in the Soviet Union. The System was leading a Huge Country to Total Fall Down for 80 years. If Chernobyl, and Afghanistan didn't happen, I think it could collapse many years later. Thanks for the Great TV Show. Once I got over the supposed Russian characters having heavy British accents, it developed into a pretty good show but is almost certainly overhyped! A country run by KGB in Soviet times ... a country run by an ex KGB monster (Putin) now ... well this human-monster was already working for the KGB when Chernobyl happened. What kind of a country elects a criminal communist monster ? It can only happen in Russia ... Everybody should know these kind of things that happened in our world... i am sure that after watching this film, a lot of people learned something from it and that's an important achievement ! So great made and detailed realistic scenes!
Thanks to all the heroes and R.I.P.
Thanks to actors playing so great, and thanks to HBO for inventing and taking the chance to develop such a great real life story<br/><br/>Peace and freedom for everybody! Chilling, fascinating, horrifying, unbelievable, cinematic masterpiece. This TV series has really haunted me for days because of the truth. Very sad to know how the Soviet Union tried to COVER UP nuclear disaster from the whole world. Heart wrenching TV series. So many lost their lives, livelihood and still suffering because of various diseases.<br/><br/>Hats off to the director for recreating the whole incident without compromising on the truth.<br/><br/>Kudos to cinematographer for brilliant visuals, wonderful casting, excellent narration, suspenseful and very gripping screenplay.<br/><br/>This is one of the best TV series ever watched in past few years. The way the color palette was used to so the transaction of the radiation and how the town and the individual were infected was just amazing. Every thing about the series done perfectly, the production team done an amazing job with each detail for each character.<br/><br/>The story it self is important for every human being, it shows how an autocracy state solve their problems aslo how much people lives does not matter for it's corrupt leaders and how that could affect the whole world.<br/><br/>The only thing i did not like was the scene when they found that the radiation is 15 thousand, it should have been longer and more tragedy. Captured all the emotions from every aspect ! Hats off to show such a complicated event with such reality ! Cast performace was also spot on ! Yes, it happened over thirty years ago in a country far, far away - but why does it seem as though it could happen here, now, in the USA - and we would hear similar lies and official cover-up explanations just as nefarious as those the Soviets gave their poor people? Important TV! I never imagined that a real life story can be engaging.
It start with a slow pace in episode 1 but quickly engages you with a story you can't leave without knowing it's conclusion.
Best ever short series I have watched till date !!! No, of course not. But it is an excellent docudrama, with very high production values. For those too young to remember, it is an ideal way to learn about the disaster; and for the whole audience a gripping path through the terrifying events. The necessary explication scenes are lightly handled, and neatly dovetail into the onscreen drama. The overall writing is taut, and witty in places, and there is a satisfying attention to detail (both inexplicably, and sadly, lacking in a recent medieval fantasy drama). The tone is necessarily grim of course, but the empathy and compassion that runs throughout prevents this from being overwhelming. What a great mini series it is by far the best thing ever I've ever watched, this show is flawless. It just came out off nowhere and blew my socks of it is truly a masterpiece Chernobyl is not a tv series , it is a document about people. A document about ignorance , incompetence and about the price of lies . You think you have read and seen everything related to Chernobyl and there is this series. Kudos to the creators of this show and actors for bringing out life to this amazing show. Prayers to all the family who lost their lives . The direction is excellent.
The actor who plays the role they make the characters so realstic .
The related between the beginning and ending it's just perfect. I'm English born in 1975 and I remember the events. I used to watch the China syndrome before it happened and have visited the visitor centers in nuclear power plants in the UK before I went on a Chernobyl tour so have always been fascinated by nuclear power. This show, like band of brothers and other real life based dramas Chernobyl is essential viewing by people now and generations to come to learn from and see that real life can be scarier than a horror film. Im now on episode 4 as I write this and the realism is harrowing and breathtaking. The hospital scenes in episode 3 freaked me to the point had I watched this before my trip in 2008 I'd have second thoughts about going. But I did go and it was a fascinating day in the zone by reactor building 4 before the new containment enclosure was built and saw pripyat. The drama shows the human side of the people who lived in pripyat, the horrors the emergency services, public and liquidators and miners encountered. It can be difficult viewing but it's essential viewing. Great work done by crew, writer and director.<br/><br/>Animal lovers should know too that the zone is full of wildlife now and there are hundreds of cats and dogs now which come up to you and are friendly No show has terrified me as much as this. All the actors especially Stellan Skarsgard and Jarred Harris bring their A game making for some riveting television. I have felt sick, amazed, humbled, disgusted, been brought to tears, horrified and yet felt a small smile with HBO's Chernobyl. I did not have much knowledge of the events surrounding Chernobyl before watching this mini series.
Mind you now, I have spent hours looking into history.
You will not be disappointed. You are taken to Chernobyl with amazing acting, brilliant screen play, heart wrenching stories and captivating emotions that grip you hard and do not let you go for a minute.
Absolutely amazing in the most gut wrenching way when you experience what feels like almost first hand encounters with the pure ignorance of all who ineffectively caused the meltdown in 1986.
I take my hat off to all who were involved in creating Chernobyl, and I am thankful it inspired me to actually look into the history surrounding the tragedy. This is a must watch! HBO truly proves their groundbreaking productions with Chernobyl and they bring an utterly chilling and terrifying epic look at the greatest disaster humanity ever did in history.
With the fourth episode I found myself unable to sleep at night due to the horrific images of those which suffered Chernobyl and reached to Moscow with terifying painful physical appearance.<br/><br/>This show did something nobody did: It took the greatest disaster in history of science and made it epic.
Watch it. But not at nights. I never saw such an epic story, cast, acting and graphic details series in my life. Wonderfully explained, acted by all the characters. Can't believe how they avoid such a biggest threat to mankind. This is one of the most highly rated webseries on internet. I just completed watching 4th episode of CHERNOBYL and I was totally impressed by the art of work done by Writers like writing,Screenplay, direction, performance and Cinematography are beyond brilliant and I was mind-blown by this Mini-seriesi've never seen such a Mind-blowing Mini-series in these recent times!!They've shown emotions, Sacrifices, Decision taking struggle beyond moral compass in a brilliant art of work!!Waiting for series finale and also expecting another season!! 2 episodes rated as excellent, can't wait for others... This is something like real life horror. It's terrifying to watch. Very realistic. Excellent acting, writing,directing. One of the best miniseries ever made. Historically accurate. Fantastic pacing, performances, cinematography, music. It's all there. As good as anything gets. Frist of all the show is authentic. They made it as real as possible, but..... they did some minor changes as i wouldn't have been able to shoot these series. The title is not just for the show. I lived next to the Soviet Union big brother, in Romania, in that time. I remember that the Easter was on the 1st or 2nd of May that year and all students had time off to spend before that weekend. I and my future wife, we were students at that time, went to Cluj (in the center of the country) to see the botanic garden. The weather was fine and we spent two lovely days there. I didn't have a clue about what was happened until I got back. I remember that water on the toilet was closed in every home in Romania, without any explanation. The communist party didn't say anything about the explosion, but we knew, Romanians , if not all of them, were listening to Radio Free Europe for decades to keep in touch with what is happening outside. My parents weren't too frightened, because they thought Chernobil was far away from us. Seeing this movie, I can't believe that Soviet were so idiots, at this level. I always granted them a higher grade than they really deserved it seems. In the second episode they say (I understood it is taken from the stenograme of the Politic bureau itself) that , IF they didn't find out and prevent that thermo explosion (core meltdown + those full water tanks ), my country would have been obliterated (with all aorund us) as habitabile ground! I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW CLOSE WE WERE TO THIS CATASTROPHE because of these IDIOTS, CRIMINAL communist russians !!! And I didn't suspected a thing! I wonder what it would have happened if this scenario would have been in place...Who would have take tens of millions as refugee ? They would have let us all die, the criminals communists. I thought bad , generally, all of my life about Russia and Russians (nothing new here, 99% of the world had the same opinion), but NOW... that changed, I see them as CRIMINALS for the rest of my life... HBO has been giving us the best series ever. Chernobyl is one of them it tells the catastrophicl a cident that happened in 1986 in Russia with professional actors and very brilliant director. What like mostly on this show is the filming an sets. In the end i would say that Chernobyl is the best serie has HBO done so far. Amazing depiction of that terrible historical catastrophe, and what went on behind the scenes; there were some true heroes(hope they used their real names at least) and some idiotic clueless bureaucrats as always who ended up coasting people their lives. Thx for this serial and we want more season for this serial please ...after that fiasco S8 of Game of Thrones is.<br/><br/>Immediately sucks you into the story.
Very realistic and detailed, very atmospheric.
It makes you feel like you are there.
(which is something I particularly appreciate)
Be warned, it's not an easy watch, it will make you think about devastating effects of an invisible killer nothing can stop, radiation, which is not a pleasant thought.
The only thing could make it even better and to add to it's already high level of realism was if it was filmed in Russian, but I guess that would be asking for too much.<br/><br/>
In short, this is a top-notch TV, if you are interested in watching something that will really capture your attention and leave you thinking - this is absolutely it. Most of us know or have played FEAR and other similar games and read about this incident. This unfortunate event will remain in history and will be debated till eternity and only word which can explain who incident is WHY!
As i have read other reviews n online account of this incident, i cant believe that well educated people dealing with such a thing could behave like this and stay in such a state of denial. And the timing of this show in 2019, is quite interesting. Today, whole human civilization is oblivion of what is to come, the way we have embraced hatred and state of denial of human activity and how its affecting this planet is astounding. Russians had a fear of State to tell lies and stay in a state of denial but whats wrong with us today, WHY we are in similar state of denial.
The level of effort which has been put into this show is astounding, acting is brilliant despite no big names associated but still every one has done a marvelous job. Only one observation, they could have included Russian n Ukrainian actors with native accent but thats a minor observation. 1st episode was truly horrifying and couldnt have been better than this for a TV show.
Prayers and Respect for all the victims of the incident may their souls rest in peace. Have....just...wat..ched first episode. Am feeling rather strange....oh god....urgghhh, I just threw up. And my skin burns. But they say its under control.....why is my cat dead?............................. What is the definition of insanity? Isn't it doing the same thing repeatedly and expecting different results? Chernobyl has left entire regions uninhabitable for literally thousands of years. Fukushima has just passed the eight year mark, still not resolved, and still contaminating the Pacific. Yet, our mentally ill species still clings to nuclear power. Did Japan reconsider? No. Did Russia reconsider? No. There will be more accidents, it's relatively certain, and for the entire length of time nothing happens it's still nuclear war in slow motion; for all the time things run smoothly there is spent fuel that is toxic to all life on the planet - which we sweep under the rug by burying it. And of course, now we have a nuclear lobby which buys political support.<br/><br/>Back to this mini series... This show is poignant as ever. We are a species that vilifies carbon dioxide, which we by design of nature exhale and plants inhale, while letting this industry, one capable of contaminating our environment and ourselves, flourish. There is a sense of dread and anxiety that shows like Game of Thrones wish they could achieve. We are watching something that is generally based on reality which makes that anxiety both real and warranted. While I highly recommend anyone to watch this I do think everyone should be reminded of the very real danger this industry poses for all life on this planet. 9.7..lol...Yeah Right...better than GOT BD or The Wire then?
Good script and some good actors but predictable in places and no way is this up there with the best of them. Based on all the praise and admiration i got for this series,I watched it,and after that I watched a documentary about it.....well....there was no difference! just the documentary was not as time consuming.
as a power engineer,I didn't understand a single law of physics which was explained in the final episode.....so complicated....and it was explained in words not picture....so it was more of a picture book.
generally this film was just a time consuming story telling,with no character which was boring. Don t get what everybody likes about thuis Oxford englisch speaking russians. Looks like some screenplay in Some town. I get the intention That everybody is holding down to sing like in Les Miserables. The accents just throw me off. It is funny to see this NOT commented on a lot for this show but every other show where "accents" are just not right they hammer it home. This show while nicely done is distracting to have english blokes named vasily and misha etc. Its too odd - cringy odd. It shows laziness. They said it was to have the actors focus on their role and not the voice acting lol. Come on...<br/><br/>I enjoyed the show but was forced to use an alternative language post and that improved it dramatically to a 5. Too many other issues as others have stated however the praise outshines it. Tis fine - we all cannot agree. The Chernobyl disaster has long been my fascination. I researched and read up on it a lot when I was younger. Even wished to go visit the place one day. So it's only natural for me to check out this miniseries. Episode 1 was all I could finish. A couple of quick questions:<br/><br/>1. Why are they speaking English?
2. Why are they speaking BRITISH English??<br/><br/>Do the people behind this series think by using British English, they could somehow annoy the Russians/Ukrainians a little bit less than if they are using American English, or something? (One of the characters said at one point, "It's safe in here, this is built to protect against nuclear attack by the Americans". Awkward if this line is said in American accent, eh? Hey, why not make the characters speak in Ukranian/Russian in the first place??).<br/><br/>I did try to put the language issue aside and tried to get into the story instead. Except that you couldn't really get into it. All characters and events are sterotypical, stupid, and overdramatized. It's a shame that the people behind this series decided to go for dramatization over realism. Characters in this miniseries don't act like real people, they act like what you would expect characters in disaster movies would act. When the power plant exploded, 2 characters were shown in their home walking slowly toward the window and watched with mouth open. Disaster movie characters 101. It's okay if you like that kind of thing, but if you are looking for realism, connection, and maybe character development or at least realistic dialogues, this is not for you. I felt like I was watching War of The Worlds or Independence Day. Something cheesy like that, cheesy disaster movie. That's how it felt like. Not gonna watch any more episode, sorry. The was good especially the way they reported the nuclear effect, i like it..
But it's definitely too far be the best tv show ever, i don't think it deserves these high ratings This story of Chernobyl is well told, well acted, and of deep importance. Stories such as this must be told in order for future generations to learn from the faults of the past. And the parallels to climate change are undeniable: an event that has not occurred before with implications for uncountable years to come, battled with denial as a result of fear. This series does a marvelous job of telling the events while showing these connections. But accurately depicting the language and accents, in my opinion, is part of accurately depicting the events and the culture surrounding those events.<br/><br/>Despite my great appreciation of this series, I cannot help but be distracted by the choice to use English accents. I read the comments by the creator saying that putting on accents would distract from the acting and that the accent is irrelevant to what's going on in the story. Respectfully, I disagree. If that were the case, then why not just have a made up story resembling Chernobyl but taking place in a made up land, to make it applicable to any time? Why have Gorbachev have an English accent? I find this confusing. I can see some people thinking this event happened in England. Language and accents are part of what puts us in a time and place and adds to the accuracy of events. Would the Nazis be depicted with different accents? Would the events of 9/11 be depicted with George W. Bush having a Chinese accent or even a Boston accent?<br/><br/>This series is very well done, but to be a great retelling, I believe there is more that needs to be captured than merely the events. I don't know why this has such a high rating. Yeah it's a good story but I know the story (or so I think?) Good but definitely no where near a 10 Not a bad series, reliably conveying the USSR era of the second half of the 80s, but absorbed a lot of unreliable information about real events and persons. I would have enjoyed a well made documentary over this. One of the most exiting Mini-Series that i had the pleasure to watch...everything is spot on PERFECT the Writing the directing the acting the cinematography the music everything really everything...A must see TV mini-series. So i watched this and what a load it is the acting so bad it made me give up watching it and and alll the accents are mix from swedish to english to scottish to what ever else if i was you i would pass this heap of cr@p Dispite a very few moments like when minister (Ep.3) forcing people to go deal with catastrophe by displaying soldiers armed with AK-47(they volonteered); soviet miners speaking they minds and answer back to minister of USSR (yeah, right, typical behavior of soviet low rank workers); naked miners because this is how they fathers done it (it's not true, but its more cinematographic i guess) Its solid, decent story, wich shows a simple act of self-sacrifice of thousands of people who fought this horrible tragedy, trying to cover lie of those few. It is a good explanation of the unfortunate and sad accident in Chernobyl. I am not sure how much of it is exact but if it is completely based on facts it is very informative. However I really don't get this much hype for it. Am I missing something? Maybe I am but more than what I have said I can't find anything else in which it deserves this much compliment. A 9.7/10 seems certainty an overrated score to me.<br/><br/>Do I recommend it? Yes. It is informative and has been well made. But there are many other shows and movies providing this quality and higher. So it is only a higher than average one no more. Both the actual event and the show were devistatingly terrible. Medical Fiction & only planting False Fears in our Population
(Well made & enjoyable as a Melodrama... but completely undermined by the False Medical Effects and completely Epidemiologically Unaware Statistics) This series is very informative.
But nothing more than that. (UPDATED) Review based on episodes 1 to 5.<br/><br/>The set is believable, the atmosphere is great, as is the acting (although there's no russian-ness to it).<br/><br/>Without spoiling, I can't give details, but these are my issues:<br/><br/>1. The biggest factual error is in episode #2, beginning at 51 minutes in and starting with "between two and four". Chernobyl could have been worse, but not that bad. As this is a topic that has relevance for today's energy and climate issues, accuracy is of great importance.<br/><br/>2. One of the main characters is invented.<br/><br/>3. There are some other factual errors. After you watch you may want to check the web to see what some of these are.<br/><br/>4. I don't know enough about conditions in the USSR to be sure, but while I'm no fan of that system of government, this portrayal is very harsh, perhaps too harsh?<br/><br/>
All in all, a very good production. Most of it was boring. Was expecting far better since it's the highest voted TV show of all time. I'm struggling to understand the consensus that this show is so authentic and credible when these major Russian figures are depicted by British and Swedish actors, speaking English, but inexplicably reading Russian documents. That really undermines the integrity of it as a historical narrative. The first episode is pretty slow, I thought, based a lot around repetitive interactions between the bosses denying what the workers on the ground are saying. From what I have seen the survivors aren't as unanimously celebratory of this series, probably because they have a much more informed perspective... it might cut through the Hollywood melodrama, but small-nation and low budget dramas have been doing that for decades. A TV series of outstanding quality in every way. Many of the scenes and words spoken are now scorched into my mind. A series that lays the truth bare for all to see.<br/><br/>Horrific, brutal, unflinching and quite simply one of the best, if not the best tv series ever made.<br/><br/>BRAVO to all involved, a masterpiece. Binge watched it from beginning till the end. Such an interesting mini series. Great actors, great story telling and it really gives you the feeling you're experiencing it all over again.<br/><br/>Only one thing I find disturbing. All the characters are based on real persons. Except for one: Ulana Khomyuk. She is a fictional character who eventually has a major impact on how the story unfolds. The only reason I can think of why they have done this is to have female representation in the story. Not just female representation, she also plays a vital part in the uncovered truth in the end. A heroic part, you might say. Are we really going to change history even in order to send out a political message? For me it doesn't matter if you are woman or man, or where you come from. I do find it disturbing that we live in times where it appears it does have to matter who you are and where you come from.<br/><br/>Besides this, I can only recommend this series! Well its all about politics,its all about when a country become just an army follow orders,one of the worst corruption u will ever face,hiding the truth,no other opinion,all afraid of who is above him,even the casualties doesn't matter,cause its in their mind,its just a war all along with the way,I am not talking about soviet union here,its all the same,Egypt,Syria, lybia,Latin america,every where,soldiers in science,in art,in politics,media,everything, and the result is always one,a disaster,agony,death I would highly recommend this film to everyone, when I saw first episode I was a bit shocked because I didn't expect such a great feeling, I got sentimental, sad and happy, I wanted to keep watching and I was sad because it was over. I don't want to spoil anything but all I can say is that You won't regret watching these episodes, no matter whats Your age. just watch and enjoy this masterpiece! 10/10 Now, it's over 30 years pass until we got piece truth information of such terrible event and humans error based on stupidity?
And again, do we must wait another 30 years to confirm our knowledge about 9-11 and inside job?
Are we realy have no chance to survive with idiots in power? I love this Serial, because it show us, that what a animal are the rusian dictatory and they distroyed every thing in the world, hate them all, hate the Soviet goverment Very suspenseful story that shows the Chernobyl disaster and its aftermath. People cling onto their delusions when they are scared and it causes even worse problems. I should mention that wiki and other search engines do not give an accurate death toll of this disaster. Millions of people were killed by radiation in the years that followed. Nuclear lobby pays to keep that information off of search engines. HBO definitely did amazing job. Cast is great, production is awesome.
Might lack of dialogues and might be little bit out of historical fats, but it shows disaster with every terrifying thing about it, shows people without information, people denying truth, shows fear and everything you need to feel the disaster.
It is not a good show. It is dreadful. And you will never forget it. Facts turned inside out. It looks like agitation against the USSR.
Just watch an interview with the participants. Fortunately, most of them are still alive. For example, type in google "chernobyl asmolov and goblin" (youtube has english subtitles).
And by the way, in the USSR at that time there was a prohibition of alcohol. It was very hard to buy vodka.
Sad, gray and plays with the facts. I do feel as an odd one out, but guys, please. Yes, this series gives you facts and correct sequences of events. It does show lots of soviet stuff and creates an atmosphere of the time. But 9.7 for this? Seriously? The acting is quite OK, the plot is based on something everyone has heard of, unless you had no idea all of this happened and thus got caught by surprise. It's a very average TV series, that's why I give it a 5. I have not once been glued to my seat in suspense, nor have I cried or related to any of the characters. I honestly had way better time watching The Office. Honestly, I loved the series. Both from an aesthetical point of view as from a story-telling point of view. But please, why did this series had to made in English. For me it totally ruined the immersion. I don't know why they didn't bother with using russian actors if the plan is to make a documentary on an event that happened in real life. Hyper-realistic, with too strong English accent. Wish they did with more natives. First episode was strong and then it goes downhill. 2nd episode had a lot of really poorly acted moments and episode 3 was an utter bore. I will change my rating if the episodes increase but wow, there was so much potential that has been wasted. The show has become pretentious and is on its way to becoming a flop. I expected each episode to improve but it hasn't and it's been really disappointing. Please stop forcing emotions out of the viewer and just be genuine. Please stop using shock value to keep us entertained, just have good writing and a good story. Please stop with the teenage drama subplots. This has potential but it is becoming a bust. These next few episodes need to pick up or else the series will turn into dust. Good acting, but can't get over the English accents:( Nice visual details but the acting and how was regized has that british taste and feel, i dont feel that soviet air in their face expressions and tone of the voice. They all look and sound like Boris Johnson. How can you compare this with GoT and Breaking Bad ?! This was a gruesome tragedy and HBO should of treat it with more quality and not making it look like all Discovery and History Channel documentaries.The fake naivety of Valery Legasov, the chrysis in the control room of the reactor, that scene with Babushka monologue when the soldier came to evacuate her, she was acting like John Wick, all that lack of expresion and silent drama, was nothing slavic about this scenes and many others. If you want to get yourself in the real terror that people lived that period, you should read the book. The film is like a walk in the park compared to the haunting descriptions of the real protagonists of the accident. I give this mini series a 3.6, not great, not terrible. Although it tries to give a more human Insight in what happened at the Chernobyl disaster, it is over dramatised and therefore realism suffers a lot. I find myself thinking over and over again, is this what really happened ? If you realize it's an over dramatization then it's not great, but not terrible. "It's not that we'll mistake them for the truth. The real danger is that if we hear enough lies, then we no longer recognize the truth." This drama is full of lies that audience could hardly see the truth. The fact is bureaucracy of former USSR did cause the disaster, those officers and soldiers who rushed to rescue are true heroes. If they are not then look at Japanese facing Fukushima. It is still pumping tons of radioactive water into Pacific today. If you are lucky you may eat some radioactive sea food from there. Loved the series, extremely well made in virtually every way. My only issue, for a show that takes place in Soviet Ukraine, why is everyone speaking with a British accent? I just couldn't get over this, it really brought down the authenticity of it. I would've accepted Russian accents, just for easier viewing, but I can't quite figure out why the British accent was the default for an incident that had nothing to do with the U.K. Totally overrated... but boring beginning actually Why no Russian language? It was so bloody difficult for the actors?
Give me a bloody break !
If you want to do something right in a realistic way do it. Otherwise don't do it.
But I forgot. Hollywood is thinking with the words business, money, time only. Who cares for the details. Just make money.
Would you like a Russian film for Three Mile Island accident where all actors will speak Russian? Story wise it's brilliant.<br/><br/>If everyone at least spoke with a Russian accent it would be perfect as a show. Absurd that they made everyone have a British accent. Ruined it for me. I finished this show last week and I can honestly say that it was extremely interesting, well-scripted and had a brilliant cinematography. The setting was utterly convincing and realistic to the point where I actually felt I was there at times. The only reason why I cannot give it a 10/10 rating is the fact that the actors spoke English throughout the show which really set me back. It was not something that I expected or that I could shake off after one episode. It continuously bothered me throughout the series. At the beginning I even thought to myself why would so many British people be living/working in Ukraine and that is how much I did not expect a truthful depiction of the events to be carried out in a foreign language! First of all, just because a show is about some serious subject doesn't automatically make it a good show. Most of the reviews have been glowing and they make much of the things about it that really are good. I find myself agreeing with most of them. My problem is with the characters, the situations they are placed in, and the dialogue. These are simply not believable. It does not help that so much of the storytelling is dependent on a fictitious character of whom far too much is expected. It's like a documentary about what happen during that time. Great performance! Chernobyl... just another piece of Hell on Earth made by communists
Now it is time to make story about another evil part of soviet history.
Afghanistan !!!!!! - source, other book of Svetlana Alexievich - Tsinkovye malchiki, Boys in Zinc Slow moving, cheap drama. Something along the lines of "we need more government so this won't happen again". Am I the only one who didn't like this show and couldn't finish it?!
I know the politics are ugly and saint people always die due to cruelty but we already knew that!
We didn't need a tv show to tell us these things! True masterpiece , which is extremely rare thing in todays Hollywood strongly influenced by liberal agenda. Did not even realized that the movie is going to be that good, about this terrible catastrophe. Everything was done perfect to the minute detail.
Russians will never be able to make anything even close to this movie. Just forgot to mention.
Luydmila was an exclusive breed of a Russian pig that was used as an experiment for the very first victims of poisoning. That story is buried under a different title from a different time. The worst part of fictional character work. However the content of the humor does keep me entertained enough for the duration of the show. I was shocked after seeing the series. I have always known the incident but not in this detail. Every aspect of this series is so much researched and the details they have used are unbelievable. Its not easy to make this kind of content as lots of poltical things have been disclosed.<br/><br/>This series is more like a documentary. Every thing has been so precisely reconstructed. Acting is superb, writing is perfect.<br/><br/>Surely one of the best series of today's. This was a great look into the events that occurred during the Chernobyl incident.<br/><br/>The character development was superb.<br/><br/>My reason for rating 8 stars is because of the length of this series. Many moments felt dragged on as if they were being dragged on intentionally. Time was going at and odd pace, and something about the timeline of the events felt off. Big moments would make you forget that you had just been watching a group of men debating on what to do next. There was a lot of talk, and not much going on. This was also probably exactly what was happening that day considering that this grand scale of a radioactive explosion had never happened before.<br/><br/>I enjoyed bingeing this, and It taught me many things about the history that should never be lost, or forgotten, about that day. There is no such thing as statecraft. Only lies and hidden truths. This the best series i have ever seen. You will feel the disaster. Background music makes this miniseries a masterpiece. You will love this series. It's just so good, words cannot describe! Superbly written by Craig. Superbly directed by Johan. Utterly superbly acted by Paul Ritter, Alan Williams, Emily Watson, Jared Harris and above all Stellan Skarsgard Excellent story telling and depiction of heroic details, very high production value with stunning visuals and makeup that makes the story fascinating yet heartwrenching, but the morals regarding "the cost of lies" could be more significantly highlighted or explained through out/at the series finale. What exactly was the cost of lies? The cost of who's lies? Was it the human or economic loss? What were the lies told? Would there be a better remedy if the truths were told instead? Few minor details left out but overall a great depiction of the disaster that serves as an agonizing reminder of some of mankind's irredeemable mistakes. From beginning to end I couldn't leave my seat for anything. Amazing series so far. I have no words... Bravo! PERFECT IN EVERY WAY. THE BEST MINI SERIES I HAVE EVER SEEN. What is the societal and personal cost of maintaining lies? This gripping dramatic presentation of the Chernobyl disaster is worth your time. Chernobyl was borne out of an autocratic society focused on maintaining the international facade of "successful" communism at all costs, including the cost of human life and immense environmental damage. It was birthed out of personal hubris when individuals were willing to risk disaster in attempting to gain favor and personal promotion by communist party leaders. I only vaguely remember hearing about Chernobyl on the news or talk amongst the grown-ups when it happened. The series was intense and I couldn't pull myself away from it! I have read a little bit about the history of Chernobyl and, if I understand it correctly, this tv series was pretty spot on. Its a bit of work to wrap the ol' brain around the fact that that part of the world is still and forever will be hazardous for living beings, yet, people are said to be moving back into the area? I wouldn't visit let alone live there! Possibly the most outstanding and excellent mini-series EVER made... Chernobyl is fantastic The most harrowing thing about this epic doozy of a miniseries wasn't the burned and charred bodies of people still alive and struggling to breathe, the ineffable sacrifices of the volunteers and miners who staved off a nuclear explosion, or the tireless scientists who orchestrated the efforts to manage something that had never happened before. The most harrowing thing was that it was actually a true story. The Soviet Union is laid bare, shown for what it really was - a paradise only because people are made to believe so. This harks back to the movie "Child 44" starring Tom Hardy (and interestingly, Fares Fares who plays the soldier Bacho tasked with the cleanup of the Exclusion Zone in "Chernobyl") which recounts more distant events where the state doctrine insisted that even murder did not exist in the Soviet Union.<br/><br/>A brilliant, white-knuckled series bar none I have just watched the whole of Chernobyl in a one-er, it is that compelling. I am a little dubious about the its role as propaganda, I mean, HBO is American, and Hollywood is the most globally prominent propaganda-machine.<br/><br/>But...<br/><br/>This mini-series is very, very good. Gripping, despite a slow 4th episode and remarkably accurate (I think). Episodes 1 and 2 is some of the most awesome television I've ever watched. And as I'm a firefighter, I was struck by the bravery and selflessness of all those first responders who risked and gave their lives. Especially Legasov who risked his life to save countless more. I wonder if the KGB did intend for him to be as discredited and isolated as portrayed in that cell-scene (last episode). So amazing job, everything is perfect! Our government hide all story about Chernobyl during many years . Thanks to this series. So now we know the true. We can say huge Thanks to all people , who sacrificed himself in this horrible tragedy !!!
Atmosphere of seriel is very very realistic. Its like we stay in USSR. Actors looks really like russian / belarussisn people. Bravo! Look it already 3 times, and always enjoy. Specially i like music, do dramatic moments even, deeper. I was 9 years old when the Cherynobyl disaster occurred. I remember being warned at school not to drink the rain water as the radiation cloud had dispersed as far as here in the UK. I also remember the livestock that had to be slaughtered on nearby farms because they had become contaminated. The disaster is still very vivid in my memory, so watching this, while utterly compelling, was also intimately chilling. The morbid curiosity that surrounds Cherynobyl draws you in. Despite the horror and the sense on impending doom, you cannot help yourself. The palpable tension never lets you become complacent. As a viewer you soon realise that there is only cold comfort to be found as the story builds to its harsh conclusion and the truth exacts it's high price. Hands down the best serial I have watched in a long time. In any amount fascinated by what happened at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant? Watch this series of we'll produced, well shot episodes with an almost perfect story telling ability. Not to long either by the way. Every episode finds a balance between documentary and entertainment. Indeed one of my favorite series. This mini series takes us to the truth of one of the greatest disaster ever and succeeds in getting us hooked up.everything is perfect.jared harrs is phenomenal.must watch!!!! Many of us know about the nuclear reactor fire at Chernobyl. But the details behind it? Here is a gripping and gritty dramatisation of that incident. The setting is very realistic. The squalid living conditions of soldiers and civilians alike, the anonymous lives of ordinary Soviets. And the bravery of all those who face likely death trying to save their country. The climax is the courtroom scene. It is gripping and touching. It is a testament. 'What is the cost of lies?' The more i said about this series is less. You connected with series during watching. it,s all like real. doesn't matter which type of series u are fond of , but this is must watchable.don't ask why ,JUST WATCH. Chernobyl is a new mini series created by HBO and Sky Studio which began airing on May 6, 2019. Chernobyl tells the story of a nuclear disaster caused by human carelessness.
Not only tells the history, Chernobyl also dramatizes reality into a smart show about history.<br/><br/>The Chernobyl tragedy in 1986 was the largest nuclear tragedy, in which a nuclear disaster occurred at the Chernobyl nuclear facility, the explosion reached level 7 and involved 7 tons of nuclear into the atmosphere (by comparison, Hiroshima and Nagasaki involved each of 2 tons of nuclear into the atmosphere).<br/><br/>This film is considered quite brave, because it raises the story of the invisible radiation and Russian propaganda is not an easy matter to dramatize. But Chernobyl managed to create an autocratic effect that was horrifying.
A good series to watch, I hope there is a new season for this series ... Saw the DVD of this in my local supermarket, having always been a history fan I thought I would give it watch.<br/><br/>Holy Crap, this is brilliant.<br/><br/>Errie music, terrifying drama, horrifically good special effects, how on earth is got a 15 certificate is beyond me, this drama will disturb you, this is not a drama you can binge watch first time as you could end up emotionally exhausted.<br/><br/>This is not really a drama, it is an as accurate as you are going to get recreation of what actually happen in during one fateful night during 1986 in Ukraine, and I suppose that is what makes this so good as a horror, THIS ACTUALLY HAPPENED, and for many years we could only second guess as to what really went on in the then secretive soviet union.<br/><br/>Fully recommended. What an exhilarating and emotional series to watch its so cinematic but yet so close to the truth of the disaster at Chernobyl. Watching it seems more like watching a fiction series, the fact that it's real is so humbling and haunting. Very good mystery thriller. A must watch. It contains real events that happened at Chernobyl. The acting, screenplay, direction, cinematography all were excellent. I really enjoyed it.The explanation of the truth was very interesting and real.A must watch mini-series. This series really shows how greed of few individuals results in catastrophe for others.
Definately a must watch. This is worth watching very well done acting is great if you enjoy history movies you will enjoy this series Although i cannot personally vouch for the veracity of the events or of the depiction of life in Chernobyl / Pripyat - there are countless reviews here that work to that effect - this is one of the best pieces of story-telling I have ever seen.<br/><br/>The acting is superb but more importantly, the cinematography and the scene sequence really makes you panic throughout the show and wonder - how was this story not properly told before? How is it possible for something as huge as the Chernobyl disaster stay under wraps for so long?<br/><br/>What is perhaps even scarier, is how invisible are the effects of this disaster in the short-term. After all, the day looks similar to any other when they change the setting to the town in the first episode. This was what frightened me the most - how could those people have known?<br/><br/>All of the fallout from the accident is masterfully portrayed and the show actually evolves for merely reporting the events to also give an insight into the lengths at which the USSR was willing to go in order to avoid it being spread internationally.<br/><br/>On par with "When They See Us" as the best piece of entertainment I have seen in 2019. Would recommend it to everyone. At first, the photography already got me extremely surprised by it's outstanding quality. Second, the dialogues and it's screenplay overall are magnificent. Last but not least, the acting are flawless.<br/><br/>I will not get into details about it's story, but is a masterpiece, it takes you by the hand and leads back to 1983 Ukraine. When you are less expecting, you're already living that world in which you won't be able to comeback by the power it holds you until you discover the whole story.<br/><br/>Just enjoy it in the best way possible. Simply an amazing 10/10 miniseries, it was just almost perfect! Watched the episode in two sittings, it was just that great! Direction, acting, cinematrophagy were brilliant in my opinion! My few complaints are only the stuff that wasnt historically accurate, they probably had some reason to change it though and the miners, I didn't like the miners, otherwise it just gave me chills all the way through, it's great. Watch it Wow. Haunting and disturbing look at the greatest human caused catastrophe of the last century. Craig Mazin, damn dude. All actors, damn. Camera work, damn. This also shows how Mikhail Gorbachev was for caring about his reputation more than the lives of actual human beings, his character made me so mad, so good job to David Dencik on his portrayal. Quite simply the best series I've ever watched. Acting is brilliant, and suspense throughout. I watches this series over two days and love it! It really shows how tragic this distaster actually was. As they got a lot of things in the series right, most of it actually, a few things were wrong though. The scientist should not be bleeding that fast after being exposed to radiation. A baby doesn't absorb the radiation from the mother. A human can't expose other humans to radiation once he/she and his/her clothes are washed. The burns on the firefighter in the hospital right before his death are not realistic at all. But I know this is to add to the drama and is not a documentary but a TV show for entertainment. After watching first episode i was skeptical, but after watching the 2nd i was blown by how gopd the series is ,the topic may not seem super interesting to everyone but is engaging over all and believe me after watching this you will be thankful to yourself , Just go for it. ðŸ˜„ I watched this miniseries due to its good reviews so i decided to give it a try and I regret nothing. Chernobyl is breathtaking,tense,awesome to see, and fill with memorable scenes, it also have one of best acting of all time(in my opinion) by Jarred Harris ,Stellan Skarsgard and Jessie Buckley. If the end of Game of thrones dissapointed you than this HBO exclusive will make you forget it Chernobyl is a lesson on how a lie can make a huge difference in future if it is kept secret for importance...I heard about this tragedy bt had no idea how harrowing this was until now. From Story to color correction in every aspect it exceeds our expectations.Especially sound was omg...Direction by Ranck is top notch... A must see. Whether you believe in the benefits of nuclear power or not, this is a story we all need to know. Surely dramatized but nevertheless very informative and shocking. My general rule of thumb for reviewing or assigning ratings to films or shows o is, ...nothing gets a 10... but occasionally a film or show comes along and just ticks all those boxes. Of course industry people with a vested interest in a film\show\project may be tasked with giving shows 10\10 just to bias these ratings.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is a true work of genius which, in my mind will be tough to beat for a long time. I believed everything as if it were a documentary a very clever illusion by the makers because lets face it most of the cast are British and all speak with their native accents yet I still found myself completely drawn in by their talents.<br/><br/>The suspense during the first two episodes with the frustration of Legasov trying to make everyone understand how serious this incident was counterpoints the denial of the staff at Chernobyl - particularly when Diatlov vomits mid sentence, apologises then collapses, yet they were all still in complete denial. This scene and many more during the show were just brilliant.<br/><br/>This should win every award possible To my generation, we read the headlines, listened to the news reports and felt some fear during the Chernobyl events. Being American in America we were protected From the harsh reality of these events. This series was filled with great performances, a believable script and frighteningly on point in facts. As this story concluded, I voiced my inquiry to my contemporaries viewing this series, will our current educators of World history include this event? I always feel grateful at the conclusion of an historical cinema. I feel when I've learned something at the same time that I am entertained I got a double whammy for my time and money. As much as the terrible facts hang in my mind for days after the viewing of Chernobyl, the story is worth ones pain and sorrow. This miniseries speaks for itself, just outstanding. The fact they didn't skip any corner with the actual reality of the disaster and kept it this great is impressive to me. It's overall a very very good series that is very realistic to the real life events. It shows the true horror of Chernobyl. All we see now days is the after math, this show gave us a insight in on what it would have been like to be someone who lived there at the time. They really do a great job at displaying these events. It haunts you for days. Weeks even. This is the type of impact it has on your psyche. I have never watched anything similar. The reality of it makes it very, very scary. And I was 12 when it happened, I was living in Greece and I remember my mom saying "you are not allowed to go out perticuarly if it rains, nor are you allowed to eat fruit and vegetable". And we were buying UHT tinned evaporated milk as fresh milk was presumed contaminated already... I have ruminated on this series more that I have ruminated on several aspects of my life. No kidding. Highly recommended, what a story telling, what a casting, what a performance, language, making... This is just Amazing. And, the last episode is the CROWN of the series. Starting from very beginning, no slow boring character building and unnecessary drama and lengthening. Just action and emotion. What a treat. The way the character explained each scientific process in detail in act is commendable and smooth. A powerful series. Must watch. Just after the disappointment of Game of Thrones, HBO redeemed itself with this magnificent show. First class acting, directing and cinematography. Well done. Huge Show !!! Congratulation HBO !!! the actors played amazing !! Chernobyl is one of the best rated shows of all time surpassing Game of thrones and Breaking bad and it deserves it. The show basically revives the events that took place in the early morning of April 26, 1986 in the city of Pripyat in Ukraine. Jared Harris is the real MVP.<br/><br/>The show has an incredible cast full of stars, the score isn't one of the main protagonists in the show but has its incredible moments, the visual effects are perfect, the dialogue and chemistry between the characters is so unique.<br/><br/>My only problem with the series is that the way they show how people die from radiation makes me uncomfortable with my own body and makes me feel chills. again one sentence here! include one more idea here to support your previous opinion<br/><br/>In conclusion this is a masterpiece and I would recommend it essentially to everyone and mostly to the ones who love historical dramas. Stunning visuals, brilliant characterisations, top cast, insightful script, wonderful edit, gripping timeline. HBO certainly put a lot of effort into details. Chernobyl is as entrancing as it is thought provoking. Must see. If you are too young to remember or rather been alive during what happened in Chernobyl - you may still have heard about it overall. We're talking about devastating results, lost lives and something that no one wishes will happen again ever! No matter what country that is.<br/><br/>Now right from the start, you should be aware that this is a production that has english speaking actors in the main roles. So while this is probably as close to what happened, I understand that some people may take issue with that (for not being completely accurate) - a friend of mine said clearly "I won't watch it, because it doesn't have Russian speaking actors in the main roles".<br/><br/>All valid and all something you have to accept yourself, if you want to watch. But if that isn't an issue, you'll see a show that really is rich in detail and quite elaborate in what happened. Pointing out the wrongdoings and what some unknown heroes did to contain one of the worst situations we have seen ... I won't go into detail, but there are things in here that will shock you. And I'm not talking about occasional graphic depiction of illness on people! I loved this. I had only learned through a BBC radio program about the Chernobyl disaster about a year before I watched this. But watching this series helped me understand the extent of the disaster better. I obviously can't speak to its authenticity or its adherence to the facts because I simply have no basis for that, but for simple viewing pleasure this is very very good. It's gritty, intense and even educative - If not for nuclear science, at least for human frailty. Cast, crew and cinematography were excellent. This mini series is one of the best and I don't know why it took me so long to watch it. I agree with other raters, Chernobyl is scarier than most horror movies. It has a creepiness that you just don't see in most movies. I guess because it's based on a true story. I highly recommend you see this series. Russia needs to get out of the dark ages, start demanding the truth at every turn, and make meaningful changes to their values. An intricately well crafted account of the events leading upto and post the potential world ending catastrophe of Chernobyl. This is one of those significant events that just gets a passing mention in the books, maybe a line or two under the "dangers of nuclear energy" section but we don't realize that the entire landscape of Asia and Europe if not the world would look vastly different had it not been handled properly.<br/><br/>The series looks at this event from multiple perspectives - the fairly accurate yet simple scientific descriptions, the engineering challenges faced by the cleanup committee, the medical aspect denoting the effects of radiation on the body (some of the most haunting scenes I've ever seen) and how it affects the families of the victims and the people who were forced to relocate, the political side showing that even in the face of potential extinction level catastrophe people individually as well as the governments as a whole are "obsessed with not being humiliated" and how this makes it even harder to correct the situation. A most honest and human tale that tries to get even the most minute details correct.<br/><br/>Brilliantly acted as well, Skarsgard and Harris make a good onscreen team. The rest of the cast is good as well, all bring their A game to the table. The result is a phenomenal five hours of damn good television. A must watch in a nutshell.<br/><br/>Not sure if they are going to make a sequel, but I would like to see their take on the Fukushima disaster as well. This series had everything. From start to finish i was both horrified and intrigued. Stop reading this and just watch it!!! It was very well made and was so accurate to the history of Chernobyl This mini-series has moved me deeply. I have a new role Model / Hero now... his name is "Valery Alekseyevich Legasov". Everyone should know his name. He literally saved the planet from its largest and biggest man-made threat humanity has ever encountered. If it was not of him, several hundred million humans would have died and the part of the planet we like to call Europe would be mostly uninhabitable for the next 100 years. Ten thumbs up! Great series. An absolute must watch! The things you will see and learn in this series are unforgettable. How close much of Europe came to disaster is frightening and the sacrifice the clean up Russian personnel had to make to contain the disaster is heartbreaking. Each episode will shock you and educate you about the dangers of nuclear power. The production excellently recreates the disaster.<br/><br/>Unforgettable and must see. The most beautiful movie I've ever seen.
a shocking story, a shocking truth
the magnitude of the disaster is huge In Latinamerica we didn't know the magnitude of the events until the serie was launched. Also, as an almost hidden event, we supposed but ignored the actual lack of capacity of the communist government (and the few importance that gave to people) in order to reduce the effects of the catastrophe. If there has been any infamous place in Europe in our generation known to almost everyone on the planet, it has to be Chernobyl. The Soviets did try to conceal their catastrophic blunder, but this was too hot to handle, even for the KGB.<br/><br/>We have all heard and read about the Chernobyl disaster at some point in our lives. The disaster, the evacuation, the possible impacts it could've had if left uncontrolled. But we common folks still never really realised at what scale and level this event could've altered the future course of a good part of Asia and Europe. Also, it is one thing to read or know about such events, but it never gives you the real picture and feels of what the people associated with it, voluntarily or involuntarily, had to go through - essentially, what does a nuclear plant disaster mean?<br/><br/>The best medium to tell this story was to present it in a way where it would reach as many as possible, and this is what this HBO mini-series did. They could've made a documentary, but for regular people to stay involved in it and talk about it in their daily lives, they needed to present it as a riveting thriller. And that's what "Chernobyl" does.<br/><br/>What impresses me about this series is that everything shown feels so real. The tension, the stakes, the looming doomsday omens, the baffling questions that scientist face - all brilliantly executed.<br/><br/>The periodic use of common terms to describe the scale of the disaster is useful in drawing a picture that everyone can see.<br/><br/>Jared Harris as Valery Legasov has delivered a noteworthy performance, carrying the series on his shoulders, and the actual disaster management. His co-ordination with Boris(Stellan) was an essential force needed to fight what they were dealing with. The transformation of Boris from a snobbish minister to an indispensable helping hand is acknowledged well by Legasov, who gives that credit where credit's due.<br/><br/>And the final showdown that happens in the court, where Legasov chooses to do something that would inevitably bring the wrath of the KGB upon himself - he chooses not to kowtow to their commands and chooses to tell the truth to the world.<br/><br/>The series ends with real pictures from that time being displayed. What's interesting the entire cast physically resembles their actual prototypes.
We learn that the infamous RBMK reactors are finally corrected a few years later, giving all that Legasov endured for a final reward.<br/><br/>"Chernobyl" is one of the most excellent portrayals of a significant historic event, and we need more such works. I was born in Kyiv and I have never expected that this most tragic event in human history could be EVER recreated so well, so accurate and so detailed in a movie. As I watched the movie I had such feeling as I traveled by a time machine to those days -- so accurate any SINGLE AND SMALL details was reproduced so precise: clothes, actors, streets, cars and their numbers ;), furniture...even bottles with glasses. Really, the director take this movie very and very serious, as he comes from our country...how is it possible? Only one explanation - he truly loves what he did and together with his talent he did probably one of the greatest masterpiece of all time. As Ukrainian citizen I would like to thank to anybody who work so hard on this movie, for such import work you did...that upcoming generation remember this tragedy and hopefully will avoid from happening it again. The truth is painful and sometimes you will pay for it but the legacy lit you up Everything is just right. Masterpiece!
Authentic, original, cinematic, dramatic, reflecting the life in Soviet Society, human values and the accident at Chernobyl .
This work must be one of the best mini series I have seen. Great work! Watched Chernobyl mini series-
The best series ever to arrive I must say- the incident is presented with such conviction that being a viewer with very less or no information on this is sold out to the narrative, the treatment, the mood set, the characters, the music- hands down.
The other beautiful aspect of this poignant series is that, the makers ensures their targeted audience get the basics of how a nuclear reactor works, that too in simple terms, and this really helped me empathise with the gravity of this unfortunate mishap.
The highlight of the series is the LAST episode where the incident unfolds in a court room, yes it's dramatic and there are possibilities the makers might have digressed from the real events, but that's not the point, the series hits us hard to the extreme of googling this incident and knowing more about it- I'm very certain about that to happen with you as well. Awesome acting, direction, cast, production values and what not. This is by far the best show ever made on any real incidents. It's so amazing! Great script and soundtracks. I advise everyone to watch it! Everything in this epic is extra ordinary, acting, makeup, scenario, directing,....
It deserves this rate & this place
Thanks HBO I'm incredibly shocked Craig Mazin sat aside his usual comedy and script doctoring to create what is one of the greatest tv shows ever created. This is tough to watch and offers insight into one of the biggest mistakes in our modern era. You must see this show and Mazin has found now found a new calling card. Chernobyl is a masterpiece in my opinion. It's very intense, realistic, heartbreaking, terrifying, with a lot of great acting, and a lot of sequences had me on the edge of my seat. This show saved HBO after the nightmare of Game of Thrones. loved every moment of this show. Because it was real. The wife is a real-life character and she wrote about her experiences in Voices of Chernobyl, it's heartbreaking. People calling her stupid need to understand that she just wanted to be there supporting the man she loved and they didn't really know about the effects of radiation/how it works. Note the scene where the doctor is just treating them with milk. it feels weird to say it was good because the subject matter is so not good. But the film making elements are breathtaking. And that musical score, or just that low eerie humming and squeaking was epic! I don't know how to make something better than this, it just swallows you and makes you feel like if you were there.I never ever felt that realism from any series/movie/whatever. There's nothing bad or even remotely weak nothing, everything works/flows perfectly, there's absolute nothing to change. For five episodes I was completely in that place, I was there and I felt their pain. I'd give an Oscar to every person involved, from the main actors to the people who cleaned up the settings. Everyone deserves an Oscar.Period there's no need to vote, This mini series was so short they didn't have time to ruin it. That's why it's good and everyone loved it The acting is amazing.
The each an every detail that happened.....not only that but the effect on the nature and human life was shown perfectly. I never thought that number (1:23:45, 33000)could scare me but this series is something else.
Nothing more scary then a lie.
One of my favorite series. The absolute GREATEST TV Shows of all time. This film captures the atmosphere of that time. 50,000 people used to live here, but now it's a ghost town I was one of the lucky few children from surrounding Kiev who was evacuated by my parents. My mom worked as an engineer designing nuclear power plants and was one of the few to know. Days later I was in Odessa with grandma. I remember the pervasive fear of radiation, a word that was used over and over at home. The HBO take is marvelous. Its patient and honest and does not need to dramatize one of the most dramatic and catastrophic events in human history. It is devastating but absolutely wonderful to watch. Every part of this 5 episode series was executed to perfection and every actor has done a phenomenal job in their role! Absolutely loved it! I am from the balkans and my parents lived when this happened they told me how every day when they went on school they had to dring these iodine pills and how they weren't told why . Every time i watched an episode the whole time i had goosebumps it was genuinely scary because it happened so recently the sound of the radiation counters the atmosphere the way the show was made just blows me away how good it is . It's as you can feel the radiation coming through the screen how horrible and scary that is . One of the best if not the best mini series i have ever watched ! A superb and grim adaptation of infamy. HBO's Chernobyl does a fantastic job of placing us there with the victims, villains and the overwhelming sadness. What a series mini series, well done, interesting, real,
I have the feeling now tv shos are better than several movies
highly recomended This is by far one of the best shows ever done. It's scarier than any horror movie i have ever seen because you know it happened and the killer is ruthless and invisible. The actors and writing were superb. A must see! Greatc mini series what a story from a sad tragedy great acting well written great Director WOW. Is what your left feeling at the end. I was 3 when this happened and knew somewhat of it but felt almost irate that i didnt know more, but i guess thats the whole point. Top british cast, fantastically acted
Seriously intense but you almost cant stop watching it. The way this series progress it never bored you. And the last episode is epic that give you whole idea how where every episode and every character is connected. This is the best Web Series I have ever seen. The performances are top notch. Script, screenplay and cinematography are brilliant. Underplayed rather than over the top by most involved but utterly compelling and a warning from the past Ive seen a lot of movies,but i'll put this one to one of the greatest...im bad at science,imagine if i'd understand the science terminology...it would be good Very well written series. The pace was perfect to illustrate the mood that the citizens/victims lead to believe about the serious of the matter. The acting was outstanding and the story was brilliantly told and somewhat difficult to watch without feeling anger. Highly recommend. I'm glad I watched the show and able to know what's happening in the world before I was born. Well Done! very well-made TV series. It will get better and better over the ending such a brilliant piece of work dear celluloid be prepared for johan renck, its a masterpiece all the way the emotions they showcased are deep and disturbing.
There's no sort of picking flaws in this series because you'll be hooked for the stunning narration and performances. Give it a try anyway this one is highly recommended for every movie buff or TV series enthusiast out there.
My rating for each episode
1 - 9/10
2 - 9.5/10
3 - 9.5/10
4 - 10/10
5 - 9.5/10 What is the cost of lies ?
Think carefully of this question . Next to True Detective season 1 this is the best tv-show, ever. Johan Renck's take on the tragic events of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant disaster is a thrilling, emotional, and mesmerizing depiction of one of the Cold War's most talked about events. As a miniseries, "Chernobyl" checks in almost every box on the list for how to make a great HBO limited show, resulting in one of the best periodic dramas ever made. While the pacing sometimes is a bit to structured and unimaginative, "Chernobyl" still qualifies as - possibly - the best television events of the year with fantastic acting, great cinematography, and some of the most disturbing scenes of the fatal ending of some of the people directly involved in the accident. "Chernobyl" is a series everyone should watch. If the word epic could describe something, it would be this miniseries about Chernobyl.. Just EPIC First of all I'm not from Ukraine or Belarus or even from russia like the other many a reviewers' but i must say i fully indulge in the Kind of disaster they are showing only by spectator of it. I got goosebumps and even after watching it i kept on thinking and thinking,even after that i can't imagine the sacrifice of the people's in this disaster.
Artist i must say play a very initmation Role which performed perfectly....One may watch it without even think of time because i must say it is going to worth it.
Thank you
I'm indian... This is a series that sets standards even for the Bollywood movie makers. This shows the way cinema should be like.
With horrific as well as subtle expressions and events this series takes us into the actual circumstances into one of the most horrific incidents known to human life. Also, this shows apathy and lack of sensitivity that the Soviet offered to protect its unintelligent pride.
This is a story of how a man stands against series of lies to help protect millions of lives through his constant endeavour. He is shown light of wisdom by one of the other scientist who gives more value to righteousness than running away. Struggles of families associated with the event and poor plight of closely associated people like firemen, civilians is shown with brilliance and no pinch of imaginiation is attempted. A true picture is attempted through right amount of study of those events. There is little to entertain ourselves but a lot to learn from this.
Kudos!! Hoping for more stuff of this standard. Without a doubt the best miniseries I've seen in years! Studied this at school and they really hit the nail on the head. The acting was flawless. The brutal honesty of the characters and the deliberate use of actors own accents made everything feel more honest. Amazing music direction. Simple and effective, carrying you to that era and stressful time.<br/><br/>Creative, innovative and impressive sound direction; with the use of crackling noises to imitate a dosimeter strapped to our back while watching, grunts, groans and shrieks to recreate that scary moment without the imagery, and almost every actor's voice carrying a certain amount of panic at all times to emphasize the fear that was present.<br/><br/>The photography direction is unearthly. This is not your typical Hollywood blockbuster with an unlimited budget, creating a scene where Captain America is striking down his opponents. These are people, battling with a situation they had to go through, just by waking up.<br/><br/>The scenario will live you through those events, yes. But also the conjuncture of those times. You'll see the bureaucracy, hear the silent screams of helplessness and the tough decisions that had to be made.<br/><br/>Timeless classic. A good series with Wonderfull acting by all the characters.<br/><br/>A Must watch tv series I don't usually review any title but the greatness of this series tempted me to do so. The series of events that happened during and after Chernobyl disaster are very well brought over to our screens with the perfectly chosen cast.
Fascinating cinematography and direction made it to the best show of 2019 and top rated one on IMDB. I would definitely recommend it to those who are intrigued by the history. Hoping for more shows like these to keep coming from HBO. Really an Amazing and Must watch series...Never Watched A perfect series like this...This series Deserves to be on the top...The plots, turns ,story ,Direction,Thrill,Drama..they gave us everything in this series of just 5 episodes... Truly Fascinating Besides the obvious about a nuclear disaster that happend in Chernobyl I didnt know much more than that. This series tells the story clearly. And as the story unfolds, it completely opened my eyes that it wasnt about the explosion itself or what happened and how it exploded but the aftermath. And the ugly truth about just how far the government will go just to hide their mistakes. I recommend this show to anyone who loves documentaries. Simply awesome especially the 5th episode. Seeing such a classy content on screen after a long time. Must watch!! Thought to review this one and I don't review many series, only the ones which actually counts...
This is a great production, with great actors.
But that's not the reason why I decided to write this review...this series had to be made because of the message it carries. Because people have to know and remember how fool we can become under the ill influence of money and absurd ideologies. We can't afford to disrespect or underestimate the forces and laws of nature.
We must not be naive thinking that these sorts of disasters won't happen again because they will, as long as self-absorbed men still exist in this fragile world.
But in reality, the real reason why irresponsible actions are wounding this planet is because of indifference. The truth is simple: mad men are few while indifferent people are the majority...the world will be a better place only when the majority of indifferent people will take a side not thinking about the consequences of not pleasing the society but respecting life and the world they live in. I am not a historian but have studied this event for many years. I was in the U S. Military when this event occurred. I hated what happened to those people abd I'm not Russian fan but people are people. Politicians have been bad on all sides forever but then it was so bad. After studying this event I got interested in the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. Shadow of Chernobyl video game. The artists captured so many events in the game abd although its fiction the artwork is accurate. Subsequently when this mini series came out it brought the horrifying events to life. Very sad and entertaining at the same time. The onky negative was the British cast for their accents. The acting, screenplay and cinematography was outstanding. Highly recommended!!! After Game of thrones, we thought we'd never find a CAPTIVATING show, but here we are. This show spirals across what touches humans most; the cost of lies...if that's not enough, the depiction that life can mean so little and a future can be easily cut short should be enough to drag you to watch Chernobyl. I guess it's HBO'S apology for a failed Got SN 8. It's the best series in recent years. Very powerful story telling. Each and every scene is shot to perfection. Scientific terms are explained so well. Cinematography is awesome. I have watched all the documentaries on Chernobyl available on YouTube. But this is class apart. The TV show takes you directly back to 80's. The buildings, cars, clothing everything looks authentic and belongs to 80's.<br/><br/>Though I was born in India far away from Ukraine, the Chernobyl was in news for decades all over the world!
But did not know what exactly happened there and what people underwent!<br/><br/>This mini series from HBO has captured everything in detail. The director has done awesome job! Actors have not acted but have lived the lives of the Chernobyl!! The sounds are chilling, scenes are nerve racking. Thanks to HBO for amazing and realistic documentary on TV. It's almost impossible to imagine it happening and I think this series goes beyond just showing what happened, it went to the very cause of the "accident" ignorance, stupidity, gross negligence. The nation that kept its secrets at the cost of its own people. The ignorance and tiny minds of the those in charge of the state etc was almost as horrific as the results of their actions. Apparently a global nuclear catastrophe is not possible in the Soviet Union. The desperate attempt of the government to cover the horrible incident in Chernobyl made me feel extremely bad. It was horrible to watch. I would recommend.<br/><br/>The jokes were sparse, dark and well placed. Great effort put into details and probably for the first time an American movie that didnt present Soviets in a stupid braindead way. Fantastic series, would recommend to anybody, even to someone who has a very little understanding of Chernobyl I don't understand why do some people think 'Chernobyl' drug on way too long. It's already a MINIseries, you want it shorter? How can that tension- and dreadfilled story with that suspense be boring or something? And if you're waiting for constant action, fighting and whatnot, it's the wrong TV show for you. All the silent and slow motioned moments are justified because 'Chernobyl' paradoxically is mostly about people's ruined lives, their feelings and emotions. And missions of actors, directors, producers, post production, writers and all guys behind the scenes are achieved in as-good-as-it-gets way. It might sound silly but plot is so breathtaking that it makes you believe you're in Chernobyl with all those evacuated people who lost everything they had in a second of explosion. To make a long story short, it's one hell of a show.
But it was too gory for me. That's my subjective opinion and you may not agree with it but if you're the same wuss and coward as I am (and especially if you have a soft spot for animals), get ready to close your eyes because this miniseries hides nothing (from response of the human organism to radiation effects (decomposition) and naked men to the probable true of the real story but who knows) and shows everything the way it actually is. Undoubtedly, greasepaint in this show is a kind of a masterpiece (I found it while getting a peek for a couple of secs during some of the scenes showing degrading bodies).
And, as I said before, nearly everything in 'Chernobyl' is inbelievably awesome, so my sickness while and after watching this show notwithstanding, this is one of the best TV shows I have ever watched. A must-watch for everyone (but not for the faint-hearted). Chernobyl has pure sense of dread, it gives your senses a non stop assault of stomach dining feel. It is one of the most horrifying show/movie ever made. It's masterfully directed and brilliantly portrayed. Finally the truth about humanities' must catastrophic events come to the light. A must watch show, highly recommended This happened in the year our daughter was born. It was difficult for my wife and I to watch. The acting was first class. The music brooding. Intense drama. The final episode ending with real film and real facts was very moving. It's truly amazing when you see a show that is more than a show. Chernobyl is an example of serious approach to a serious matter without unnecessary drama.<br/><br/>I am Russian and though, some of my foreign friends were disappointed with British language as a choice of narrative, It only took me 2 minutes to adjust and I was only focused on the story and execution.<br/><br/>Chernobyl show is very complete and fulfilling without trying. There's no attempt to be liked and no attempt to entertain, it's pure in its execution. From something tiny as details of interior to the overall feel. It is a refreshing series, that reminded me of things I love and hate in our post-soviet countries.<br/><br/>I'd wish Ulana character was real, but nevertheless, her presence was mostly tasteful. TV truly is the ultimate storyteller nowadays, and this is the ultimate TV-series. What makes everyone rave about this show, horrific and unpleasant as it is? Aside from the magnificent production, flawless narrative and inspired acting, Chernobyl manages the feat of opening the gates of annihilation before our eyes. It is devastating to know that these events actually happened. How close we were to utter helplessness and a fallout that would have destroyed us. It also leaves me with the unsettling reminder that we have littered this planet with other similar disasters-in-waiting. It's as close an atheist will ever get to a tale of hell. First of all, the acting in this show is just outstanding. I just want to shout out the casting people who took the time to make sure that the actors they choose to play these important roles looked like the real-life person. Honestly, if you looked at a photo from the HBO series and another in real-life other than the quality you can't tell the difference. Now even though the cast looks the part they need to act the part as well and well they also succeed in that department. Jared Harris, who plays Valery Legasov, is amazing in this role. He's the main character you follow in this role and from the first time you see him to the last episode he changes so much. He learns from his mistakes and keeps on fighting for what he believes in. Stellan Skarsgard, who plays Boris Shcherbina, is also a stand out for me. Boris changes over time and you grow to love him. He also has an amazing friendship with Jared Harris and I understand that it was because the real-life people were friends but they portrayed it in such an honest way that makes it seem like they are friends in real life. Paul Ritter, who plays Anatoly Dyatlov, is just great as a bad guy. His character was the guy that even though the reactor was not stable he still kept the trial going which ended up having the reactor blow up. Every single time that he's on-screen he made me angry and just wanted to beat him up. Just like with the casting the creator of the series, Craig Mazin, took the time to make sure that everything looked exactly like how it was back when this event happened. You can look at a photo from the past and compare it to the series and I bet you it will be accurate. This just goes to show how dedicated he was at making this show to pay tribute to the people who lost loved ones, died, or the survivors of this event. The suspense in this show is just spectacular and it works. There is a scene where three guys are going into the building and there is light music in the background but all you can hear is the Radiation Geiger going off. There are so many scenes like this and because you feel for the characters you hope they will live. This show only has five episodes in it and every single episode just gets better and better as you go along. In my opinion, the best episode is the last episode with the court trial. But honestly, all of the episodes are important and helps show you how serious this event was. Also, once you are done watching this show you will feel dumb but after another watch, you will feel smart because you learn stuff. The show explains stuff that's hard to understand in an easy way so that everyday people will be able to understand what the characters are saying. In the end, Chernobyl is a series that everybody needs to watch at least once in their life. This show is so interesting and shows you the true story of the worst man-made catastrophes. For a show tackling some very dense and emotional material, it's actually a lot more manageable and entertaining than I thought it would be. I've never felt so riveted and stressed at the significance of what was shown on a TV.<br/><br/>The show focuses a lot on the choices that need to be made, and the conversations that need to be given. Even though you know the outcome of the series more or less, the suspense never ceases, and you'll for sure drop your jaw at how devastating the travesty is.<br/><br/>I like how the show is not ONLY about the corruption of the Soviet Union. It is there, but the reaction of the characters is more "how do we work around this" rather than "we need to reform this system". I was expecting more of the latter, so it was nice that the show was more focused on the tragedy of the situation instead of the inconveniences of the government. I especially liked how the two main characters always backed each other up when the more cliche approach would've been them fighting each other.<br/><br/>At the end of the day, Chernobyl tells the story of the little guys, and the things the little guys had to do in reaction to one of the biggest mess ups in human history. I wasn't expecting this take on it, and was amazed at how much I was entertained by it.<br/><br/>A small negative: there were a few subplots that I thought were a little small compared to the big picture. These plot point may have been beneficial to the overall story, but I found myself just wanting to get back to the main plot with the main characters.<br/><br/>9/10. Overall - a must watch if you have access to it. Everything on the technical side is amazing too, especially the acting and directing. You dont realise how bad this accident has been until you see this picture.. Chernobyl is a terrific and amazing mini-series with an impressive acts. This film wants to say about the importance of the fear of telling the truth; acceptance of truth and the cost of lying that humanity must pay.
The truth doesn't care about our needs or wants . it doesn't care about our governments our ideologies our religions. it will lie in wait for all time and this at last is the gift of chernobyl; where I once would fear the cost of truth now I only ask:
WHAT IS THE COST OF LIIES? Amazing work! Perfect in every way.The story based on true events and people's memories of the 1986 nuclear disaster known as Chernobyl.
Another Great SHOW from HBO. I went into Chernobyl with a blasé attitude. I thought it'd be a slog. While the show can be slow at times, it comes with the gravitas of a dense fog that lazily rolls in: its majestic and often terrifying.<br/><br/>The miniseries (which should actually just be thought of more as a 5-hour film), is the some of the best dramatic storytelling this side of 60s and 70s films like The Manchurian Candidate, The Conversation, or Twelve Angry Men... with all the drama and horror that comes with a nuclear power plant meltdown.<br/><br/>So set aside some time, brace yourself, and be taken aback by a production so masterfully done, at times you think you're watching a documentary. I have watched quite a bit of documentaries on Chernobyl and have also read articles on it. And this was very well done the actors did amazing and I definitely like how they stuck so much to the original events. Highly recommend this mini series. I am a Professional Engineer who worked as a consultant to the US government program to dispose of spent nuclear fuel and high-level radioactive waste. I enjoyed many dimensions of "Chernobyl", but I especially watched to find out exactly what caused this disaster. In good dramatic fashion, you will learn technical details toward the end of the third episode.<br/><br/>Machinery neither builds nor operates itself, so "technical" problems invariably have human factors. The contributing weaknesses, and strengths, of Soviet society are explained very nicely as the story unfolds over the three episodes.<br/><br/>There are no small number of heroes. Among the most touching are the miners who volunteer to dig a tunnel under the failed reactor, knowing full well that they won't live long after their work is finished. Look for the scene where the big, burly lead miner approaches an official to report progress, wearing only a cap he had been given to protect his brain from radiation. (They were not allowed to use cooling fans in the tunnel for fear of spreading radioactive dust.) As the miner walks away, he asks if the cap will do any good. In a touch of strong acting, the official only makes a facial expression that says, "nah", in any language.<br/><br/>If you keep a dog or are fond of them, be prepared for heart-rendering scenes that follow from the fact that pet dogs were not evacuated with their human owners. Lingers on your mind for days and weeks after. I had to read a lot of online articles and watch several documentaries to really understand the true gravity of the situation. The fact it happened less than 40 years ago is mind blowing. I have been referring IMDB since 2003 and I only gave stars, never stopped to write a review. But couldnt stop myself for this one.<br/><br/>The truth, the lie, the suffering, the background score, acting everything in this series takes you to Chernobyl and you can feel whats must be going in people mind and heart there at that time.<br/><br/>Its a must watch. We all have watched many fictions. But this true story will keep you stick to your system till the credits of 5th episode. In the dating world, Chernobyl is what you'd call an "over correction". GoT were so outraged by the final season that they broke up with GoT and "started dating" this show which is the complete opposite. This show was outstanding and at times gave me chills, made me cry, gave me a churning feeling in my stomach but making it #1 is a bit excessive. This show is only #1 because fans are trying to make GoT jealous lmao. "Chernobyl" (2019 release from the UK; 5 episodes; 325 min.) is a miniseries about the 1986 Chernobyl nuclear disaster. As the miniseries opens, it is "April 26, 1988", and we see an older gentleman dictate his story onto cassette tapes, 6 tapes in total, which upon completion, he carefully hides. And then he hangs himself. We then go to "Pripyat, Ukrainian SSR, Two Years and One Minute Ago", as we see an explosion in the background of an apartment. The plant manager immediately starts barking orders left and right, even as he assumes that this is not a big incident... At this point we are less than 15 min. into the series but to tell you more of the plot would spoil your viewing experience, you'll just have to see for yourself how it all plays out.<br/><br/>Couple of comments: this is the latest TV miniseries from Swedish director Johan Renck, working from a script by Craig "The Hangover" Mazin. The first three episodes the hours and days immediately following the nuclear core's explosion. Episode 4 bring the Fall of 1986. The makers do a great job introducing us to some of the key players, building up familiarity along the way. The biggest name in the cast is Emily Watson, playing a nuclear physicist at the Byelorussian Institute for Nuclear Energy (she makes her entrance at the beginning of Episode 2). Beware: there are a number of very tense scenes throughout the miniseries--this miniseries is not for the faint of heart. Deep into the miniseries, as the Emily Watson character is still investigating what really happened on that fateful day of April 26, 1986, a high-ranking official responds "Do you think the right question will get you the truth? There is no truth!" (talk about an early version of "fake news"!). In that sense the miniseries is very timely, as the parallels on how the Soviets treated the truth and how the current POTUS treats the truth are all too obvious. But the miniseries is also a wonderful ode to the many men (and also some women) who risked their life to stop the nuclear disaster from becoming even worse.<br/><br/>"Chernobyl" premiered on HBO last month, and I just binge-watched it on HBO on Demand in a single day. This miniseries is top-notch, no question, yet I must deduct a star from my rating for some of the historical details that were missed or otherwise "dramatized" for Hollywood purposes. As a complete aside, not too long ago, I saw the new Werner Herzog documentary "Meeting Gorbachev", in which the now 87 yr. old former head of the Soviet Union talks about Chernobyl being the most important event of his tenure (and his push for nuclear disarmament with Reagan). Meanwhile, "Chernobyl" is definitely worth seeking out on VOD or eventually on DVD/Blu-ray. There are a very deviations from the original events. But the chilling events that followed after the nuclear disaster was shown accurately. Chernobyl - HBO Miniseries,
USA / Ukraine / Sweden 2019,
5 episodes of one hour each,
by Johan Renck,
with Jared Harris, Jessie Buckley, Stellan Skarsgård and Emily Watson<br/><br/>On April 26, 1986, the fourth reactor block of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in Ukraine flew in dubious safety tests due to human error. Due to the atmospheric spread of the released radioactive substances in the days after the disaster favored by favorable weather conditions, not only the closer Umfelt the plant contaminated, but large parts of Russia and Europe were highly charged with radioactive radiation. With a radiation in the order of 400 nuclear bombs, this was no wonder! Also in Germany, especially in Bavaria, large areas were affected. The authorities responsible for the protection of the population did not have any experience in this specific area. Many orders were helpless, as the world was never in such a state of emergency. Humanity has since faced a situation that has never happened on this planet before. Worst of all, however, was the ignorance of people about nuclear radiation in the medical field: morbid immunodeficiency, leukemia, malformations of the infant, thyroid cancer and higher doses of radiation the inevitable death from radiation burns and the dissolution of all organs. The firefighters who were sent to the burning reactor survived a maximum of two weeks before they were miserably "bled" by the ionizing radiation.<br/><br/>What the series skilfully conveys is reporting at all levels. Although this has the disadvantage that you can not really "warm" with any of the multi-layered performers, but Johan Renck has thought this way really well: It is the only way to fully present the full extent of the disaster. The director is not for nothing acted as the best music video and advertising film in the world and can present his great talent here finally in a demanding disaster catastrophe. It's no coincidence that the series with five episodes is number one on imdb.com with a rating of 9.8. Mr. Renck is a master of his craft and has transformed the five-part series into a kind of suction that hardly anyone can escape. Chernobyl alone is the sad reality and more enthralling than any horror film: Unfortunately, the worst stories also make a difference to life. Everything was covered here in the implementation: The interpersonal level, the political side, the impact on the environment and the health aspects .. Dramaturgically there is nothing to complain about, The absolutely coherent narrative has been thought through from the outset consistently and implemented. No mistakes are made here when our past flies in our ears ..- and put into a tense state, as if the accident had just been yesterday. The subdivision into five episodes makes perfect sense, because you need some time after each episode to let it sink. And one hour Chernobyl a day is really more than enough. Overall, an incomparable Zeitporträit was created here, which leaves nothing to complain about. Personally, I hate the whole situation that was created (1986+), but I love this mini-series about it, because the news of that time did not even reproduce what the film ruthlessly reveals here. The other day I read that the Russian government is dissatisfied with how bad they get away in the movie and want to make their own version of this story. What is probably conjured up for a funny Probaganda movies ..- we'll see. Let us surprise ourselves, this is not here! I can not imagine that anyway. After reading all the hype, I had to check it out for myself.....WOW!<br/><br/>Visually it is the most epic and magnificently done mini series I've ever seen. It really does feel like an 'on the spot' documentary, and I've never seen better in a mega-budget motion picture. The acting is truly wonderful, although the thick British accents by some is a little off-putting given everything in print was presented in Russian. But just a trivial grievance on my part.<br/><br/>I have studied the incident a fair bit over the years - fascinated at how something could go so horribly wrong given there are nearly 500 reactors in the world which have been operating for decades without issue. The appearance of the forest, the plant, the reactor post-accident, the equipment, the uniforms, the town of Pripiyat etc. are all eerily accurate. The research that went into this series must have been pain staking.<br/><br/>My only criticism was that there could have been just a little more narrative earlier on to explain the mechanics around why the explosion took place, rather than wait until the final episode to piece it all together for the viewer.<br/><br/>But still overall, possibly the best television I have ever watched. This is an awesome title! Does a great job of exposing what went on at the disaster cite, the acting and direction is on point too I can't say anything more than 'The Best Show Ever' 33 years ago, and for 21th century, is really heartbreaking. I can't imagine, for Pripyat people at April 26, 1986. We all agree, the series is really done right. We can feel the emotional moments, sadness, horrifying, and everything outside mind at 1986, even right now. Totally mesmerising. Well crafted story. Well researched and important illumination of a dark part of history. More please! HBO did a great job on this mini series. This series was so informative for someone didn't have any information what happened in Chernobyl. From the tiniest rarest video footage to the way the factory exploded, they got it very accurate. So accurate that it's onto a point where if you look at the actual footage, you could almost get fooled by whether if it's from the series or not. It is the best series that ever has Been done! You must see it! It is on HBO HBO have done it again. Fantastic series and storytelling. I read Midnight in Chernobyl before watching the series and the writers/director has it spot on - no glossing over the important bits and it all leads to watching in disbelief the actions of those high up in the echelons of power handing down each of the heroes their death warrant. If there were any sniff of refusing an order, they felt the full force of the Soviet establishment.
It's traumatic viewing and I wish the two main characters had been fully recognised in uncovering the truth and letting the world know. I never write any movie reviews at anywhere before and watch maximum 10-12 TV series in my entire 30 years of life. One of my friend suggest me to watch this, and this is where it leads me. HBO just blown my mind. Thanks a lot. Chernobyl is a super important and much needed series that gives you a scary look at what really went down at the Chernobyl power plant in 1986 Amazing show expressing how some people work to protect at times of crisis Only 5 episodes?give us some more...i'm from greece just stories here but this movie seems to be the most authentic we can see..R.I.P to all these people.. One of the best series I watch in this year
India need this type series in Bhopal tragedy Very intense feelings,for those who still have!We saw and learned the truth after so many years. Besides this is the notion of the series after all! Best series i've ever watched. The acting, screenplay, music etc is phenomenal. Do yourself a favor and watch it if you already havent. Nothing is ever perfect, and rarely does any TV show come close - but Chernobyl is one such show. Superb in writing, pacing, acting, cinematography, visually and in sound, Chernobyl is a grade-A example of what is possible on the small screen - Chernobyl is, perhaps, the peak of modern television. Gripping from beginning to end, not a second is wasted in this masterfully crafted mini-series.<br/><br/>It's message clear and haunting, this is a must watch for all the right reasons. Fantastic! Excellent. This was HBO at its finest. The acting was great, it tried to stay as true to the actual events as possible. This is the show to watch. Informative, gripping, eye-opening and genuinely emotionally terrifying Very rarely do you find a dramatic series as great as this to watch. Over 4 nights, I've watched it twice!! Gripping, shocking and for the most parts based on real events. A real eye opener into what actually happened. Bravo to all behind this, and the justice to telling the story This show really explains one of the bigest disasters in human history. As the storyline goes on you start to feel more and more immersed. Would recommend it 100%. Political ideals and opinions aside, this is a wonderful piece of TV that simply cannot be faulted in any way at all. The rating of 9.6 is people getting excited and trying to make up for the ridiculous negative comments this program has received. It's 5 episodes...5, and it's bloody brilliant. Almost a horror in parts and is quite brilliant in how it's set at times.
Band of Brothers/Vietnam War Doc this is not, but my god it's a dam good attempt. Love it for what it is, a ground breaking piece of TV that most people thought 'Looks boring' when it was first advertised. Believe me, this could not be any further from the truth. Enjoy, and if you feel a little creeped out at times I quote Smokey from Friday "That's what its supposed to do!!!" The serie was awesome. I hope HBO gives us shows like this. Full marks for this gripping true drama. Everyone should watch this and be reminded of the terrible disaster and how it is still affecting the world today. I'm so impressed with this as a whole, it was brilliantly written, directed and acted. I thought after the first episode how on earth can this keep up to this standard, but it just gets better and better. I know that there will be SOME inaccuracy , but overall depicts the absolute hard work and commitment of the people, amazing and shows just how much we all have in common. It's a lesson for us all and a story that may do some good from all of the pain and suffering. The very fact that Russia are remaking this show to cast them in a more favourable light shows just how provoking and horrifying Chernobyl really is. True dramas don't get any more real than this: the seminal example of radiation's deadly capacity for global destruction, and the nation convinced that covering up its mistakes was more important than preventing further damage. HBO's depiction of the Communist environment is immaculate, a rigorously formatted loop of solemn expressions trudging between slab-like buildings, blissfully unaware of the unseen danger spreading across Ukraine and Belarus.<br/><br/>The Alien franchise has the motion sensor; Jaws has the creeping soundtrack; Chernobyl's true terror factor is the crackle of radiation dosimeters - rising from a background murmur to a cacophony of screeching, setting a scene and creating real panic so hard to emulate on screen and in an audience. Part of Chernobyl's excellence is built upon the unintended ignorance of almost an entire nation: whilst all the signs point to catastrophic risk, those select few experts choose to save face and risk the lives of millions. Even with these dosimeters, each action undertaken draws a person closer or further from death, a sick cycle of risking their lives to save their fellow man.<br/><br/>The production of this show is arguably better than most big screen projects these days. Rare is it to witness such a visceral and violent depiction of damage to the human body, but the makeup department have outdone the competition with their efforts - sick and disgusting, but important reminders to a generation who don't fear nuclear power's potential. The innards of Chernobyl's core are also on full display with no expense spared, the unbridled fires of a reactor out of control instantly killing someone who even makes the innocent decision to gaze upon it.<br/><br/>As the miniseries progresses, more attention is paid to those not directly affected by the radioactive leak. Both the miners sent to dig underneath the plant and the soldiers sent to do the grisly decontamination work give a more fleshed out picture of the aftermath, overlooked by lesser productions. Chernobyl is necessary watching to educate the masses if nothing else; it helps that its some of the best television of its type there's ever been. Of all that I read about Chernobyl since the last decade, this mini series depicts it in the perfect manner! Chilling, accurate and exciting at the same time! Hank you for telling (and spreading) the truth. The truth that both Soviet and Russian authorities fail to tell and spread. Indeed - lies kill. You should see now how the Russian government media is trying to tell that the series is anti-Russian. Thank you! I will now go read some books which are the basis for the series. Wowwwwwww it's amazing I love everything from beginning to end This TV Show made the whole world know about one of the biggest disasters in the history and in addition it gave people more knoweldge about science Well produced, dark, gritty, well acted, well shot and an amazing story Maybe the first and second episode was al little bit boring for me but it is still perfect , it was a perfect work especially the final , This show is rich with information and it's pretty accurate.
Definitely watch this! You'll get goosebumps! No words. The best series I have ever seen.Well done HBO! The story of Chernobyl has been narrated in genius inverted way, starting from the night of the explosion itsefl to end with the trial where causes of the accident were revealed.<br/><br/>The reality and not far past events make this short serie a real precious documentary to shine a light of truth on an imaginable disaster.<br/><br/>A must to be seen! Breathtaking suspense, goosebumps and a increased heartbeat every single minute... oppressive, nightmarish, frightful!! Unbelievable that this really happened! Nuclear power is still the most environmental-friendly way of producing electricity in the planet. We need to understand the responsibility against fossil fuel, which kills the climate.<br/><br/>Thank you HBO to have the most important story of the world TOLD. One of the best TV shows on television. Short but sweet Great performances with a script that deftly deploys science and drama in seem-less tension and understanding.<br/><br/>Wonderful stuff that all Russians/Ukrainians, in particular must watch, before Putin re hashes it with his own production in a desperate attempt to hide his countries ridiculous philosophies and deplorable human weakness. There's a good reason why HBO's latest TV show has made it to the top in such a quick time and that's the show-runners' attention to utterly horrifying details of which there are plenty and the absolutely outstanding characterization that makes it such a believable masterpiece for all times. Excellent TV series, visually stunning. Taking us thirty years back with all minor details. Great narration, more scary than any horrormovies I've watched. Great dialogues and acting." Now you look like minister of coal". Best series I have ever watched. Beautifully shot and more importantly beautifully told. So great I was hooked immediately. Never understood the true destruction of chernobyl until I watched this. What makes a good show, may be a good script, few good actors. What makes a very good show, may be better script and lot more better actors. But what makes an exceptional show, it's the whole other thing. That is what this show was about. It was a journey which makes you realise that whatever bad has happened can happen again if we don't learn from it. It gives simple messages of telling to truth, being courageous, help the ones in distress, brotherhood etc. but didn't feel preachy at any second. It was ruthlessly told and I felt naked like never before. Couldn't even see myself in the mirror. A must recommended show. If the language is the barrier for anyone, learn the language to watch this show. Excellent! A must see. A gripping serial, and a lot of historical info. This is by far the best thing I have watched in a very long time !! Its a great intense show that puts you right in the middle of the disaster with a pace that keeps you on the edge of your seat ! All of the characters are extremely well written, the accuracy is great but the timeline could change at times (for dramatic purposes)
For someone who is interested in the topic and understands what really happened and how impossible it should have been will find it much more interesting and thrilling, the director made some unforgettable shots that will forever stick with our memories of the show, a dramatic point of view and a frightening political statement.
I feel very bad for everyone who was involved and suffered at pripyat and the cleanup, wish their scars are healed by now ..
Great show! A great dive into horrors unimaginable. Good to read from those who still live in Ukraine that the show was incredibly authentic to its time and setting. What the production team did here is amazing. This series is next level. The feeling I get by watching this is incomparable with other TV series. Great work has been done here. I hope they will some day make something equivalent with an additional topic Dark, cruel and deliciously unsettling Chernobyl is an absolute masterpiece.
The cast and crew are spectacular with Skarsgard delivering one of his best ever performances, but the truly amazing thing here is the script. The dialogue, the pacing and the characters are so addictive that give episodes seem far too few.
A truly epic series that will, like reactor number 4, keep making headlines for years to come. What a great show. From the first minute the show is exciting, thrilling and shocking. Especially because it's not an imaginary story, but a good description of the terrible accident of 1986 and its consequences. Chernobyl gets under your skin, makes you think and pays tribute to unknown people who really deserve to be called heroes. Anyone who loves great cinema and great television should have seen Chernobyl. From a outside point of view, I can say this Tv show was well mounted. The script follow the real story line, the characters were well choosed, the investment was ideal to necessary, and all other features are well evaluated. In my opinion, this 5-episode miniseries is one of the best HBO serials, and it is worthy of praise. But, beyond the unique scenery, excellent dialogues and other well-done design, it has some series of weaknesses which, of course, can be ignored. Recommended for 10/10, it's super exciting, actor done full justification with their character and perform flawlessly. Plus the super good thing was it's wrapped in just 5 episode and all scene of it worth your attention and does not give you feel waste of time or bore you in any way. Just watch it. Every scene of it fells like real.
The chernobyl disaster -what happened there, what happened after, who is our hero, who is to blame... Everything you want to know is available in it.
Just make the decision to watch it. It will be one of the best decisions you have ever made i guarantee. I truly give my heartfelt appreciation to the makers of this series. Couldn't have been better anyway.<br/><br/>I urge more and more documentaries are made like this one to showcase man-made horrified disasters on on this planet. Wow, it's dark, bleak and makes you shout at the tv "what are you doing, it's going to kill you" but it has that very rare quality that sadly lacking in a lot of tv shows, you just can't take your eyes off it.
If ever there was a case to be made for a free press then this terrible man made disaster is it's best advocate because if that happened in the UK, USA or any other democratic country much more would have been done
This was a masterpiece of what tv can do and a must watch for all generations I adore this show, specially i like nuclear physics Hands down the best documentary-based story I have watched based on true histroy in all my life.<br/><br/>What I started watching that I thought was a fiction series, and after verifying a lot of facts online, I have discovered that this is a documentary. The best of its kind. Historical documentaries never entertained me. This one does.<br/><br/>Two words: See it. Even if you do not like documentaries, you will after this! Truly a great series, detailed and so captivating. A must watch TV series!! Far better than other series. All the facts have been unfolded clearly and are not biased in nature. A cinematic masterwork. A truth that ha been waiting to be told. Eye-opening, poignant, and simultaneously engaging and rough to watch.<br/><br/>The cast is top-shelf, with superb, believable performances from the main protagonists to the "extras". The selection of veterans Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd and Jared Harris was inspired.<br/><br/>The series is not shy in exposing the the myopic paranoia of Soviet Government nor the incompetence of middle management at the Chernobyl facility who combined to produce the domino-effect of events that led to the disaster.<br/><br/>The effects of nuclear radiation on the human body are illustrated so realistically and graphically that one cannot help but to be moved to tears. It is not for the faint of heart. Yet amidst this horror the series manages to shine a light on the selfless effort of thousands of heroic, mostly-young men who volunteered or were thrown into the jobs of staving off a worsening disaster, bravely sacrificing themselves to save others.<br/><br/>The series does a magnificent job of contrasting the best and worst of mankind. Mind bogglingly stunning visuals , out of the world cinematography, Award winning acting, attention to detail that's impossible . I can't find enough superlatives . Don't even get me started on the screenplay and direction I won't be able to stop. I love the way it draws you into the show, with it obviously being in English, but the subtle way all the documents are still in Russian, the radios in the background are Russian, the conversations in the background that are not relevant to the main focus of the story line are in Russian. It really makes you believe you are there, without having to have subtitles. I'm from iran
the political space in the series is very similar to in iran.stakeout k.g.b and party spirit and ideology.
i work in power plant in iran.
and behavior or personnel in series is very similar to what is in iran now.
tank you for series
tank you for new and different subject. This was outstanding to watch. Took my breath away in a chilling way. Truly scary So good! Definitely gave me goosebumps. Don't recommend for those people who just looking for some easy chill time haha Excellent line of players, a true way to know what realy happened. a look back to time when the communist party role the Soviet union and there way of handling the catastrophe.
one of the best i ever seen. For those who had little or no knowledge of Chernobyl disaster, this will hit home with a bang. Away from the excellent acting and portrayal of the shambolic handling and cover up the disaster, it's hard to understand this happened in fairly modern times....within the last 30 years anyway.
The story is upsetting as those watching the programme know the ending whilst the so say experts of the time managed to make a terrible situation even worse.
Beautifully filmed, albeit rather dark but very fitting. Hats off to HBO and the filming crew for managing to capture such a realistic and unbelievable programme. One of the best TV series I have ever seen..!!!<br/><br/>10/10 No words to explain. It's not a series it's an experience. Watch it!!! Just long enough for me over 5 episodes. I often find series where seasons that are 12 episodes are overlong, dragged out with uneccesary padding and runs out of steam. They got it just right for me with the length of the series. I'm going to rewatch it very soon. An utterly compelling, gripping and terrifying watch. Congratulations to all involved in the making of this wonderful and the most thought provoking programme. This mini-series is certainly reviving the horrific incident happened in 1986. The acquitecture of Chernobyl nuclear power plant depicted in the film is verisimilar to that in many documentaries we may find online. The vibe was successfully created by a synergy of characters' conversation, tempo of each footage, background music or even simple objects in the setting.<br/><br/>The cold and direct depiction of the disaster brought chills to my spine. You will see karma in this seemingly accident that came out of nowhere as the storyline unfolds. In the film, you would see the life of ordinary people irrevocably transformed by the catastrophe. You would certainly remember the scene where a group of workers, housewives and students crowded onto the iron bridge in order to spectate the strange yet extraordinary scene caused by the nuclear leakage. True incidents are well described and it is well said how they worked hard on hiding their flaw. The families that sent their son to the rescue mission would feel proud on seeing this, and can understand why they sacrificed their life. Truly its overwhelming to express my emotions after seeing this. It must took such an gratitude to film about the incident. I went to a NNPTC (Naval Nuclear Power Training Command) and how they teach about nuclear power us amazing! The show itself made me feel like I was there. The actors were amazing. The scenes were amazing. The entire show is just amazing! Excellent from start to finish and the best way to understand what truly and shockingly happened..... And still is. Chernobyl is extremely well written, the acting is impeccable and the show in a whole is just captivating. Interesting and un-expected, some scientific explanation, especially last one (5) just wow This was one great dramatisation of one of the worst disasters in human history. I can remember this happening during my early 20s and none of us really understanding the seriousness of it all (" too far away to be worried about it"). This production was chillingly put together to show the real impacts. Shoutout to the soundtrack which played along too This is THE best thing I have watched in my 25 (almost 26) years of life. I know some (actually a lot) of this series is dramatized but it is soooo good. The setting and the outfits are all done to a T! I just finished watching a few minutes ago and already want to rewatch it. All of the people involved in making this remarkable miniseries deserves a nice bonus! GO WATCH IT YOU WONT REGRET IT. This is fair to say the depiction is so real,from the 1st episode to the last, i wish it was made in Ukrainian or Russian to add to the authenticity, The question that you'll come up with is what is the cost of life, how did people even survive through this?,thank you for bringing such a show. I was 10 when this happen and I was living in the Caribbean. I remember watching the news about it. I remember the talk about "nuclear disaster". All I knew about nuclear was the bomb dropped in Hiroshima. My father told me that story. And my father explained to me that a nuclear power plant exploded in Russia; that people was in danger because of the radioactivity. But that was all, I had forgot about it, this series showed me what happened in an excellent way.<br/><br/>I researched more and found the series to abide very well to the actual events. Excellent job, great mini series! Cinematography, attention to detail of the time period, a truly gripping series. And utterly terrifying! Natural fear. Worldwide disaster. Whole country catastrophe on each level. Personal tragedy and drama. Greed, lie, lack of compitence mitakes political games, investigations and heroism. One of the best things I've ever seen, including all mini series, series, movies, anything. Just watch it. Im Irish and was born in 1988, had heard about Chernobyl but never in much detail.
After watching this tv series I feel as if I lived through the entire disaster. Fantastic series and great to read the comments from people from that general area who were affected by the horrific disaster.
10/10 from me
👍🏻 Chernobyl represents and try to provide world the reality of what happened in APRIL,1986.
Characters were played amazingly by the cast.
It felt like you were present at the scenario of accident.
Just go for it!! I was very wondered when watching this mini series , This mini series changed all of my opinion about tv-series for ever . Chernobyl has been carved forever in my mind. What can I say. What a truly incredible five hours of television. It isn't hard to see why it is so highly rated. The acting is incredible and, although hard to watch in places, the story telling is both heartbreaking and terrifying. The producers have got it spot on showing just the right amount and of blood and sickness without going over the top. To see what these amazing miners and volunteers put themselves through is just unbelievable. I can not recommend this series highly enough! Having grown up in this era and remembering seeing this unfold on the news, this drama is a shockingly disturbing account of what went on to cause thus catastrophe.
This drama is an excellent piece of film making with a great cast and locations. The sets are straight out of soviet era 80's, drab dilapidated decor, all adds to the atmosphere. The sound effects and music alone should win an award for conjurring up the electrostatic, unnerving reality of the disaster. Would I watch it again? Yes, and I recommend everyone does so that we never forget the stupidity that caused it and the sacrifice of those who helped prevent an even bigger nightmare. The series is simply sensational, this has to be a must watch for everyone. Whenever a western director attempts to show Soviet/Ukrainian/Russian day-to-day life, they inevitably fail dramatically. Doctor Zhivago, Eugene Onegin, Anna Karenina - those are all one big disaster in that respect.
The way the Soviet trivia is shown here is nearly 100% accurate. That's exactly the USSR I knew as a young Russian boy living 2000 kilometres north of Chernobyl. Really heart touching and catastrophic contains drama ,emotions ,love ,greed and other form to express the event into a show .... and all the other synonyms if you want to.
This is incredible TV-series. it's like you live in 80's of soviet Ukraine. Feel for the people and realize how government lied to people.
There is no horror movie which is scarier than this kind of reality. This has been the best series of 2019 yet. It's suprisingly accurate although they skipped many scientists who worked to manage the aftermath of the disaster (and created a female character based on them). It almost perfectly captures the Soviet atmosphere and sometimes the decay of infrastructure. I'm not from the area and my mother tounge is not Russian, so to me the English language used was not disturbing at all. This is important, because many american films fail to capture the cultural specialities and simply not seem Russian (or Japanese or French etc.). The actors are outstanding: Skarsgard and Harris give stellar performances. According to the literature available, Legasov is acted almost perfectly. The supporting cast is also really good, all performances all believable and almost real. All episodes made a big impression, they were like being hit in the stomach, the mood transmitted was so dark and grim. The ending was also worthy of the whole series: Legasov / Harris manages to explain the disaster simply so almost everyone can understand it. The ending episode also tells many things about the communist regimes of that time: the KGB officers telling that the testimony was worthless, because the KGB has the power to make it all disappear, the comment about Legasovs past, that he hindered jewish scientists to advance to impress the party (the state knows everything about you and can remember your dirty secrets when it is needed), the moral indifference of the KGB leader: if you are executed it doesn't matter whether you are a hero or a criminal. All together it is an impressive salute to the heroes who lost their lives in Chernobyl and after with containing the effects of the disaster. There is 3 thing you should to know
Soviet people are great, not terrible
Soviet goverment is not great but terrible
And i had tears in my eyes several times during this show.... Sky Atlantic and HBO's 5 part miniseries Chernobyl has been one of the most intense, horrific, astonishing, upsetting, fascinating, revealing and amazing television programmes I have ever seen.
An excellent, convincing production, that never did anything by halves. The sets, the costumes, the locations, graphic design, casting, production design, special effects, visual effects, and everything else. And even the British instead of Ukrainian/Russian dialogue faded into insignificance very quickly.
I hope a Blu-Ray will have lots of extras if they release one. A brilliant dramatisation of an event many lived through but may not have understood just how harrowing it was up close. An extra thumbs up to the composer for their soundtrack. During his testimony, a judge warns Valery Legasov, hero of the containment, evacuation, and rescue after the accident, for treading on the dangerous grounds of treason against the Soviet state, he replies "I've already trod on dangerous ground. We're on dangerous ground right now, because of our secrets and our lies. They're practically what define us. When the truth offends, we lie and lie until we can no longer remember it is even there. But it is still there. Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later, that debt is paid. That is how an RBMK reactor core explodes. Lies". This is the premise of HBO's TV mini-series Chernobyl - uncovering the truth buried deep under lies, indifference, and tragedy.
Chernobyl is, arguably, the best TV show ever. Chernobyl churns. It churns your gut, and your heart, and your soul with its masterful caricature of the awful nuclear accident under the weight of which ultimately the Soviet Union collapsed. Watching the show is like living that horrid experience. It leaves you burdened with feelings of sorrow, fear, disgust and anger. Frame after frame, poignant images creep in your veins, put your nerves on edge. Byte after byte, each sound pounds your heart, nudging it off the precipice. This life-on-the-edge is Craig Mazin's narrative style in the show. As soon as it starts, you find yourself in a hell, the hell you didn't know that you wanted to enter, the hell but you now want to experience, the hell suffered by the countless.
The screenplay, in particular, is a masterclass in storytelling. At one level, it shows human suffering being overcome by super-human efforts and incalculable sacrifice, but the seemingly simple, though non-linear, tale digs deeper, and uncovers layer after layer of ignorance, incompetence, corruption, and megalomania, which became defining features of the totalitarian power hidden under the garb of "greatness" of the Soviet Union with the "party" as its custodian. The result was a catastrophe of hitherto unseen scale. But even in dealing with accident, the party was callous in its attitude, too slow to act, too proud to admit crimes of omission and commission, and too corrupt to bring perpetrators to justice.
In just five crisp episodes, the show covers it all - the accident; the efforts for containment, evacuation and rescue; plight of the plant operators, the first responders, the miners who dug up a mine to install heat exchanger under the plant, the workers who removed debris from roof, the gunfighters who killed animals because they were radio-active, the people of Pripyat; delusion, denialism, corruption and hubris of the Soviet government.
Legasov, the hero of the containment and rescue effort, also becomes champion of truth at the trial knowing well that his voice would fall on deaf ears of a delusional state. This way he lived the tragedy twice over - radiation poisoning during his work at Chernobyl would surely have killed him soon enough and then for speaking truth, he was condemned to obscurity and infamy in whatever life he was left with. He was forced to commit suicide but not before he recorded his words on audio tapes and sent them out to the world. And then there was redemption, because the accident, ultimately, galvanized the liquidation of the Soviet state three years later.
The videography with washed out images, slow camera movement at each moment of pathos and its plaintive symbols, the background score of mostly ominous silence with interludes of small apocalyptic sound pieces or thematic bytes like crackling noise from dosimeters, the acting which is beyond impressive, and meticulously crafted screenplay with layer after layer of meta-narratives concerning one and all, create the best art ever created for this medium. Anytime a film/mini-series can make you feel this jarred and disturbed to where your very existence is shaken, then the filmmakers have certainly done their job.
This piece of mastery deserves the respect and admiration of anyone who views it.
Awards should be coming their way in oodles.
While the cast including Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgård are beyond brilliant, I must say that director Johan Renck has left me questioning if we have not discovered the most talented filmmaker in decades.
My heart goes out to the victims and hero's of this terrible disaster.
I am so thankful to have this powerful and stunning piece of evidence to remind us all of what truly transpired.
Brilliant and earthshaking. This will will leave a long lasting mark in our minds that will never be forgotten. Enthralling from the first minute to the last. What an absolute pleasure to watch this. A great series telling the story of dramatic events. After watching it is hard to believe how many mistakes were made in Chernobyl. The acting game is great! It was an amazing series I have seen in recent time. Feeling sad for those people who affected by radiation. The direction and characterization is awesome. HBO has done it again. Chernobyl series is a masterpiece. This is my very first review on something, I had to write my thoughts about Chernobyl. A show has never impressed me like Chernobyl did. I'm literally touched. I felt all the drama,inevitability,pain and emotions in my veins. Once again the government, world's system and humanity reminded me of how cold the world is. Once again I realized we are paying the costs of authorities lies, costs of their actions. and Chernobyl was an example of us people paying their costs. Once again I realized we are living in the world of lies. A disaster has never occurred on Earth before. Chernobyl; an image of humanity's individualism and laxity. because of some people's "benefits" we see how much affection world has been through. It's definitely a must-watch serie. Akimov's words to Toptunov so affected me; " We did everything right" It was so intense. The despair in his voice still gives me goosebumps. Everyone should watch it. In the memory of Chernobyl heroes. We haven't forgotten about you and we won't. 10/10 for shooting, casting, decors, dialogues, music, atmosphere. As a witness of this events and time I must say, this show is very very close to the real. Awesome job ! It takes a lot for me to get sucked into shows. But this sucked me in fully. I've always been aware of the disaster but never knew the full details (much like many people)
This programme is haunting... and incredibly scary, mostly because it's true and these awful things did happen.
Incredible television work. I don't write a lot of reviews; my opinion of cinematic excellence is often different from others, as I am not in the business, but merely a fan. I also happen to be a lifelong engineer, I knew this was my profession in the 4th grade - maybe earlier. I wanted to work in the nuclear field, but I was discouraged by my parents due to politicization of the discipline and warnings about the scrutiny of the profession. I opted for mainstream classified work, but always kept nuclear science as a 'hobby'.<br/><br/>The background above gives a basis for my review. I was specifically clued to the Chernobyl disaster during my 3rd semester physics class in college - 'this is the worst nuclear disaster in history' our professor noted in April 1986. Little did I realize the prescience of his opinion or the magnitude of the issue. I have read several books about the disaster, and over time have established my own 'timeline' of what happened. As I started to watch Chernobyl, I worried that the story was going to concentrate on the aftermath, and ignore the actual problem. The first episode was captivating, incredibly realistic, and frightening. I watched it four times before episode 2 was aired; this added to my enthusiasm for the series. As I watched each installment, I became more enthralled with both the factual content, but the acting, script and feel of the series. The thing that really struck me: this is how I pictured the events. The imagery was spectacular, the sets fantastic, the acting nothing less than breathtaking. I can't emphasize this enough - the series seemed a masterpiece.<br/><br/>Episode 4 came along; I was disappointed. Why dedicate so much time to side stories such as escaped and wild-animal execution? I had been hoping from the beginning, from before the series was announced that someone would really explain the event. The split second decisions, the basic flaw of graphite moderated reactors, the complexities of nuclear energy... and the arrogance of the Soviet system. There has existed a clear, visceral depiction of what happened in the control room that morning - why hadn't it been revealed? This episode seemed to veer the story toward the typical emotionalist treatment so common in modern Hollywood.<br/><br/>Then came episode 5. If there was ever a visual art, a television production, a cinematic masterpiece worthy of recognition, it was here. I realized within 5 minutes that the previous 4 episodes were a set-up for this. I've watched it twice and I still don't know how to describe it. Everything came together like a great painting, like a classic novel... the script, the acting, the visual effects - all orchestrated in a way that not only explained the catastrophe in salient terms, but gave the most dedicated of students a sense of awe. The final scene left the watcher reeling, only to drive the stake into ones heart with the prologue, showing the actual footage of the heroes and villains, reminding even the most cognizant of their fates in poignant and heart wrenching detail.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is a masterpiece; I encourage every person alive to watch it; to learn what authoritarian control does to a society, and to appreciate the value of western science and industry. Despite the 'skull and crossbones' that Chernobyl projects on the nuclear sciences in general, one should realize that nuclear energy has been and is our planet's best chance for a pollution free and sustainable energy future. It may be another generation before folks realize it, but covering the earths surface with solar panels and corporate wind farms, killing the birds, tortoises and land environment is an abomination compared to the efficiency of safe nuclear power. Use Chernobyl as a basis for your new open mind - reasearch the subject! Learn about RBMKs, PWRs and BWRs. Explore TMI, SL-1, Fukushima. Realize that you can find nuclear material everywhere - in any antique store, in your home, hardware supply, the ground, the sky, your food (naturally) and every part of your environment. It is part of life, learn to accept it, and talk intelligently about the risks and rewards of nuclear science. Then, we can have a dialogue about our future! The acting, the direction, the score, everything is good about this show. It's unfortunate it's only 5 episodes. A must watch The filmography of this series is over the top, along with it's acting and editing. There is some dramatism but this story is very very accurate to the real incident. It's a must watch. With a brilliant cast and incisive dialogues lending power to the plot, the show makes for a binge-worthy watch - albeit a flinching and uncomfortable one. Created an account just to say I love history and this mini series is the best thing I've seen since Band of Brothers. After watching the pilot episode I decided to keep my hbo subscription because it was so good. Awesome work on this documentary. What is next now. An amazing insight into the 1985 disaster. Wonderful dialogue and character portrayal. Informative and educational.... I would have like even more detail!! Best ever, very interesting, amazing cast. Excellent Chernobyl the mini series has to be the most emotional and saddest series I've watched. Made even more heartbreaking knowing I was 7 years old when it happened and could have easily have been effected by this disaster. The series is based on fact (apart from one character) not just based loosely on a 'true story' and that these people die such a slow, painful and horrific death (which I have to say the special effects team did an amazing job) makes, it truly upsetting and compelling viewing. I understand why many viewers prefer GOT and Breaking Bad. These are made for different reasons and to keep viewers hooked for long periods of time and based on fantasy. I don't see how they can compare these to Chernobyl. This is a very different kind of series. This portrays how the worst man made disaster ever, affected innocent people in a beautifully written but also truly gripping script. I personally think it is the most heartbreaking story telling I've ever watched and it puts a lot of things in perspective. My heart goes out to all of those who lived through this disaster and I will never, ever forget it. One of the best series I've watched in a long time. This is an excellent example of a well-crafted historical miniseries that easily applies to contemporary societal ills we face today. The lies told by leaders (often ignorant of the real consequences) and the catastrophe that can result form them. Well-shot, well-acted and well-written, this is series is hard to watch but hard to stop watching. If you're someone who loves historical drama then this is an obvious choice and if you're not - then watch this one anyway, it's only five episodes and it might make you think about todays politics beyond the show and dance - the true consequences of all the lies. Hi all. I don't even know what to say.... don't have words to describe.... This is masterpiece, without any doubts !!! All people who are interested about chernobyl accident should watch this series. HBO did a wonderful job. We can only say thank you to them. Enjoy all. I know I will watch this series again and again and again :) What HBO have done after a flop of a final season of game of thrones is create one of the if not THE greatest show of all time, everything is made exceptionally the tension is built throughout each episode which leaves you with you jaw lying on the floor at the end of the show. It can also be considered a horror as its very dark and terrifying, the human side with all the lies being spread mixed with the scientific side allows the final product to be a nail biting, tense and scary show. One of the best series of the last years. In one word: Touching. I finished all 5 episodes and i must say show is incredible. I saw some low rated reviews and comparisons to Breaking bad or Game of thrones and I presume it's from some children or at least ungrown adults. How can you not appreciate show like this one? I love the other one too, but this happened for real. And if you watch it knowing that its not just made up, brings you a lot of empathy and emotions. No, it is not boring, and no, it is not dull!
Well done to all team and thank you for the show! An insight not only into a world changing disaster, but into how the overbearing arm of politics in any form can cause more harm than any good it set out to achieve.
The science is spoon fed to you so you may feel the confusion of the bureaucrats but then later explained in such a way that you feel as smart as a nuclear physicist.
Superbly written with a score that hits a nerve that lies somewhere between fear and suspense, you will be hoping that the inevitability of a historic event does not come to pass in this show even though you know it will. Great one, never thought about how serious was this. Only listen some stories from my mom. In the days of disaster I was playing in the sand and making castles without knowing of Chernobyl nuclear bomb... Highly recommend watching this series. HBO did a great job retelling a difficult story. So thankful for the men and women that sacrificed their lives to prevent an even worse disaster! Everyone should watch it...for their own sake. It gave me chills, made me worried, educated me a little..but above all it made me conscienc. Thoughtful, carefully-researched, factual (mostly) account of the Chernobyl disaster. Absolutely every actor is spot on and deserving of recognition for this monumental work. Don't miss this one. The drumbeat of the entire series is the "cost of lies." Incredibly applicable to our society today and should give us all pause. I guess best soviet atmosphere I have saw for a while. 10/10.<br/><br/>The same situation is still taking place in russia, but for some reason everyone is blind. Hope this "bad(true) example" will open eyes atleast someone what results can be. Absolutely fantastic. Loved it!
Not lne bad thing to say about it. Great! Interesting facts about what happened in Tjernobyl. Tragedy recreated in a unique way. Strongly recommend. Power of pictures, well directed, well casted, breathtaking sound design. Mind blowing. Eye opening. Best series 2019. If The Soviet Union would not have been a Soviet Union, Legasov definetely would become a comic hero. Such an eye opener. Really makes you sit and think about the world and the people that run it. This show came out of nowhere and showed us a very well-done... no, excellent dramatization of the events that have happened in Chernobyl.
From what I understood, only one character is purely fictitious and it is completely fine. The events are recalled, the correct names are used, the time-line is respected and there are no troupes I'd say that cinema uses nowadays.
It is following the events to the letter and the production values on this are amazing.
The ambient score is amazing, the actors are spot on in their roles and you get a history lesson in the most understandable way as well as entertaining.
This piece of media has written history and so it shall when it will be a 10/10 after all the reviews are in and it deserves it.
A must watch! A must remember! A must share! An utterly brilliant show. Terribly sad due to the fact it's based on. This was quite simply one of the best things I've ever watched. Totally unforgiving in its portrayal of the sinister communist regime, the devastation of lives, and the dangerous game involved when egos, lies and pressures lead to catastrophic outcomes. The creation of brutal imagery against the backdrop of a sludge-coloured communist landscape creates a sense of living the events through the characters to feel utterly real. It's also pretty shocking and harrowing at times. I've never wished more that I'd paid greater attention in science classes. Since the series I've been avidly reading everything about atoms, radiation, ionisation, isotopes, nuclear decay, the periodic table, and the scientists who first discovered it all first! I just want to say a huge thank you to everyone involved in making this and an even bigger thank you to the people involved in cleaning this mess up at the time. It's so sad the heroes of this disaster, never received the accreditation they deserved. The final episode is extremely emotional and a perfect way to end the series This history was so scary, and nearly unimagine. But the instructioner and all the actors did an insanely good job.<br/><br/>10/10 - MUST WATCH SERIE Amazing...
I don't have words.
God bless this people. Just by looking at the reviews you'll know how good this show is. It's real, just real, that's why people relate to the scenes from their real life experience. Not to mention the moral value behind this catastrophe. I was born in Finland 1990.
Even then my mother told me that people were advised not to let small children play in the rain or in the puddles. Eastern Finland people were not picking berries, mushrooms or hunting in fear of radioactive material.
What happened in that place is one of the saddest things in our history. A great show. Be prepared for a slow-burn but it worth it. When I watched the first episode, I felt the series is over hyped. However the critic ratings forced me to watch the second episode and I am so thankful for the same. Why I loved this series is not because of the story as it's a well known incidence. But I liked the series for keeping it so realistic and close to the emotions of the victims. No series has ever
Been able to move me so much as Chernobyl did. Though GOT is still the best series for me. A must watch series for all the victims and affected people. I have a knack for documentaries about something that happened or conspired.<br/><br/>When Chernobyl trailer launched it just caught the attention, looked quite originally shot.<br/><br/>Being in India, every episode is aired on hotstar on Tuesday. From episode 1 it became a ritual to watch it on Tuesday evening & the grip over subject just continued throughout.<br/><br/>It was knowledgable and presented facts unknown to me atleast & at the same time kept the emotional / human toll as real as possible.
Can't think of such tragic time and making anyone connect to it is the beauty of this series.<br/><br/>Quite wonderful & Thank you :) I can't really find any proper words to describe how good is this show, cuz it's just beyond words awesome.
U will regret if u don't watch this show.
Perfect actors, dialogues, music, light... everything is Perfect.
Highly recommend!! I don't know if everything that was depicted in this series told about the horrifying incident of chernobyl is true, but it certainly going to bring shiver in your spines while watching! I can't imagine how the inherent fault of reactor with human ego and error can be potent to erase the entire humanity!
There's been a lot of research done and a hell lot of efforts in Scripting that Chernobyl comes out so real! The characters are well chosen. Everything seems so real! It's been over 3 decades but the chernobyl incident still is the most terrifying incidence in the history of mankind!
Must watch and couldn't resist to give less than 9! Sansational, emotional, scientific, romantic, historic
Why shouldn't I give it 10 points?
Everybody should watch this. The best mini series I've seen so far, beautifully directed and beautifully acted
Hats off for an amazing project I have never seen anything like this. The best movie of all time without any doubt. Nothing much to say, just watch and see how a real nightmare story become a impeccable story and production about the accident and a pinch of how the USSR used to work. Chernobyl was an amazing mini-series... This show couldn't have been done better. I am extremely impressed. Thank you once again HBO. For this beautifully directed mini series. We have only read of the Chernobyl disaster in our books. But this TV series opens eyes to those who know little about radiations and it's aftermath which the people of Pirpyat suffered. I rate this show 10/10. It's amazing. It's disturbing. But you can't stop watching. Remarkable work portraying the events. Just finished the finale episode and I found myself applauding, alone in front of the TV cheering BRAVO! Chernobyl is one of those shows that makes you write a review on IMDB when you never have before. A perfect 10. They made me cry feel the moment and feel this hell and what will happen if something similar happens again I hadn't heard of this till my sister suggested it. Ok I will watch an episode then. Watched the four that were available back to back. I was totally captivated. Also shocked I had never heard of this. This happened in my lifetime. Script is fab and great acting. Just sad only five episodes. Can't wait to see the last one. It is so well made. Music is also fab. Haunting at the right moments. Don't know the writers or directors but keen to see what else they have made or planning to make. TV is so good right now. Loving it! Amazing. Is the best series i ever seen
It's good series everyone have to whatch this series This show exposes the lies and cover up of the Soviet Union on the Chernobyl disaster. Not only did it do that, it also expressed the heroism, the absolute resolve of the Soviet people, their character and persona. This show is packed with intricate details that happens to be accurate. However, the use of English language throughout the scenes are a bit a downside and doesn't reflect the excellent local language. However it is the best show you'll ever see I am from turkey and i remember same kind of politicians attitudes from my childhood.that was radiation in blacksea part of turkey in tees in nuts and when we were child they were giving us free nuts because of anyone cant buy they know that was radiation in that part.politicians was trying to convince peoples with drinking the or water front of the cameras if we dont fear you shouldnt dont fear from radiation. Now after so many years we can see in this magnificent job we see exactly what happened there and definitelly as a tv series this could be the most extraordinary job i have ever seen in my life because the end is obvious the end is real the people who describe there in that show already died because of this terrible experience. I was skeptical when I started the show that it would be a documentary. However when I started watching it I realized how detailed the show was and how informative on the events that took place on the aftermath of the disaster not to mention the great performances from all actors. One of the best tv-series i ever watched.. I loved drama and historical series after watching this series! Unpretentious, this miniseries shows us the worst environmental disaster that the Earth has experienced along with reflecting the idiosyncrasies of the Russian people. This may be one of the very best things I have ever seen on a TV screen. Like many others here, what chills you, is that this happened. Even worse - the world didn't even know it was happening. The planet stood so close to destruction. I remember when the news broke; and it just wasn't all that big of a deal. I mean, yes everyone knew it was serious, but the consensus was "Oh they'll fix it..." I had no idea how bad it was until I delved into this. Incredibly suspenseful passages. The 90 seconds on the roof ( I can't recall the 3rd roof's name) were just chilling. The 3 guys who volunteer to wade in the water. The scenes in triage. some shows are not necessarily "fun" viewing, but essential. A harrowing but very rewarding watch, superb writing and performances throughout. I remember when the news broke Chernobyl and if most of this shown in this show is true we are lucky to be here at all. A must see. The incident of Chernobyl has been known globally for many years now. But perhaps this is the most accurate, life-like depiction on screen ever. Sometimes when you are simply portraying truth in all its horrifying reality, it automatically becomes a work of art, better than any fiction or artificially created sequence of events. And that is exactly what this series has achieved in such a short span of time.
The attention to detail and the interplay between Soviet Politics and Soviet Physics brings the entire event back to life and you can almost feel your TV becoming radioactive !
Another gem from HBO. After the debacle that Game of Thrones was, this comes as a breath of fresh air. I was 9 when it happened,didn't know many things.So detailed,so simpe beautiful work.Congratulations to the creators.They show to us so many heroes. It was in the last year I came to know about the biggest tragedy in the history Chernobyl nuclear accident...
I saw pictures of the abandoned places in Chernobyl and researched more about it and the results I got from it was so obsessive.... I saw all the documentary's and came to know about everything happened in there within a month....
So, after a few months the trailer of this series came out, then I got so much thrilled about it, as it raised the first episode aired and it was exactly what I expected it to be..
The Cinematography is Excellent , the period and the fear it gives in the 1st episode is beyond any understandable words.
Every episodes takes the audience into that exact point of time where it happens
The Makeup, dialogues, Soundtrack, Casting
Everything in this series is sooooooo perfect in my opinion....<br/><br/>It's worth 10 stars in the whole IMDB rating system...<br/><br/>"STUNNING" I remember the Chernobyl nuclear accident being reported in the news when it happened, but to see the reality at a human level was indeed shocking. The number of men whose lives/futures were effected partly exacerbated by the Soviet Union governments insistence that such things could not happen in the Soviet Union, trying to save face and thereby not getting the international help they needed that could save countless lives. The poor young man who could not bring himself to kill the dog and her litter of puppies, yes you need a plentiful supply of tissues watching this. The fact that this actually happened makes it all so much worse. Brilliantly acted, you could feel for every person involved in this monumental disaster. This show literally hits home every bit of the Chernobyl incident in a way that I'm not sure any other representation could do, asides from first hand accounts on the incident/aftermath. Below I'll put the good and the bad about the show.
Good:
Amazing soundtrack
Amazing cinematography
Unbiased
Historically accurate
Great actors
Great set
Great pace
Bad:
Nothing.<br/><br/>Conclusion:
This show is 100% one of my favorite shows of all time, vastly outranking Game Of Thrones, or any other show I can possibly think of. This show is not for everyone, but if its for you, then it is going to be your favorite too. A terrifyingly stellar achievement in film, not to be missed. This miniseries was bittersweet in part because it is based on a true story. I found myself going through a range of emotions from utter sadness to pure delight. The story is as dark as it is fascinating. In my opinion this is the best series I've streamed in quite some time hence motivating me to write my first review. A must see! Wow. Amazing series, very good ekdkodmdmdldlldldldldlldldldkjeveedf
F<br/><br/>Fkfkdlod Good Actors and Good Work guys Amazing.thank you HBO I am not aware of events happned during that time but the way crew has showcased everything in the series is mind-blowing This is absolute AMAZING tv show!!! I don't know what just happened but this HBO show is AMAZING I cannot wait for next episode and I hope that HBO is not making just 5 episodes. Hopefully and minimum 5-6 seasons.<br/><br/>Thank you HBO!! Great job for all people who took part in making this fantastic peace of art (hard to only name this "tv show", this is a real peace of art). I was fond of Chernobyl incident and review many sources about the tragedy, but this show presents everything in detail, high class, 10 out of 10, thanks a lot for all the authors for creating such a wonderful documentary Most promising show of 2019. Hardwork of whole team cannot be ignored, it maybe one of the best show of last decade. This is really a great work ,In spite of knowing about this catastrophe, the story sticks you behind the TV.
and if you lived in a USSR country ,you will see the details are absolutely perfect ,you will be sad and at the same time you will enjoy to watch it. It's only May but I feel there will be no better series released this year...Each episode is captivating, very well written and the acting is on the highest level. I was a small child when the accident in the power plant at Chernobyl happened and only now I have realized the great danger we in Eastern Europe were in. I hope the ending doesn't dissapoint,amazing show. The series seems to be extremely informative and has been directed in a very proper manner with absolute authenticity and is very precise, it shows how large number of people volunteered and lost their lives for saving the humanity. One of the most turning periods in the history of the world. Very good shot. It is well represented the Soviet Union and its ruthless, uncompromising management style. Chernobyl explosion remains one of the biggest problems to date. I recommend everyone to watch this. Everyone should be well aware of the horrors of the Soviet period. Everything about this miniseries works.<br/><br/>From the cinematography, the acting, the locations, the writing. It just works.<br/><br/>I recommend this to everyone who loves the British cinematic style.<br/><br/>Don't mind that it's not in Russian; it actually makes it that much more immersive this way.<br/><br/>Some parts are dramatised and some characters added but that in and out of itself is what separates it from your standard documentary. That should've been clear to everyone from the start. The drama and character was creat spical meaning of Russian politces of cold war in that period. And the fear was clearly view throgh radioactive damege on patient faces and bodies Powerful and sad in equal measures. Tells the story incredibly well and you really feel for all the people involved. Fantastic true re-enactment. Goes into great detail, and everything looks authentic. Very well put together Very well done master piece of HBO,imazing senario and best pic,my only point is the music.such a great show needs music of world class like Hanz Zimmer. Great tv show in 2019
Hbo Will done you now how to be tv show So far ep3 is the best, also I like the core scene in ep1. I don't how should i describe it else.A MINDBLOWN!!!! Greeeaaaaatttt one
Reealy its perfect series
And so sad
Good to see something like that I like this movie. Chernobil.
Is the best mini series. Sensational !! I loved the details , too exited for the next two episodes Drama I have ever seen, I thought season 1-4 of GOT was good, this takes the cake. Unbelievable. Absolute gem of TV hows and very important film. Some of these people are still alive... The whole damn cast really just blows away any historical piece I've ever witnessed. Awards a plenty for everyone involved. While watching this wonderful series you'll forget that you are following a series and you'll feel that you are living in this disaster 😍😍 It was an amazing show with great actors, camera men and every thing Amazing series ever wonderful cast
I recommend to watch I was 24 years old when the news broke about this. It was scary then The mini series is a superb piece of work.
It's a chilling tale that even to this day you just cannot believe what happened and how close we came to a man made disaster on a biblical scale. The show starts of by showing you a mans inner dilemma two years after the accident, emidietly setting the tone of the series. After that they throw you into the mist of the tradgedy. The production is amazing and the use of CGI sublime. The story is captivating like no other, not because its a real event but because the actors make a stunning job depicting the emotions and thoughts that might have enveloped the people involved.<br/><br/>I would and will recommend this to everyone i know, utterly fantastic! Very good watch. Unbelievable what happened and what could of happened to Europe. It's not an easy thing to create a set for nuclear disaster, But it's beautifully done in this series. Watching this series is like events are happening now and your watching it on news channels in TV. I saw the first 3 episodes with my grandpa and my father and they were amazed by the accuracy of this miniseries, they lived in those days and they told me stories that i saw in this 3 episodes, btw great show HBO I would advise everyone to watch chernobyl. It is soo close to the real events its scary.
The world can learn from this and we should not forget. Fantastic TV show. You can feel the radioactive around you and getting to you when you watch the show. This show, is really impressive. You know the story but so many elements I didn't really know.<br/><br/>This is how you make a TV show Brilliant show. Very grim and shocking. HBO miniseries delivers again. Everything in this movie is just perfect. How they describe the communism time and how everything is organized is just so perfect. Best series!! Highly recommended. It is very beautiful and from the series that I enjoyed watching, through the photography and performance of actors and the story is exciting As Game of Thrones comes to an end, I wondered what would be next good series to watch. Luckily for us, they timed it perfectly, they made it perfectly and showed the true horrors of Chernobyl.<br/><br/>It has great politics, great acting, great stories, great visuals and it's definitely one of the great mini series!<br/><br/>"50,000 people used to live here, now it's a ghost town"
Cpt John Price Just watch it that's all I can say you will not regret it !!! This show is amazing. Actings and the flowing of the story are tremendous. Its keeps the thriller on top. Art management is very successful. The only thing that bothered me on this show is English. Wow what a show. Absolutely glued to the screen right from the start. This is an absolute winner Expertly scripted, perfectly acted, and extremely tense. The words cannot describe what is the show impact on me. It's a must see! Fantastic series that gives you a great insight into the events that transpired during the Chernobyl incident. The acting s superb from start to finish and the music/setting just helps make it feel all the more realistic.<br/><br/>The show contains some slight scenes of radiation poisoning and burns etc so be mindful of this before watching. Words just can't describe how awesome this show is. The acting is top class, plot well we know what happens but it shows how horrific it must have been for the people that were involved in this disaster. Background music is fine, but the overall atmosphere is stunning, it almost feels real and not reel. So if you want to watch a truly horrific show then do watch this, I promise you won't regret. I was more excited for this rather than GOT finale.
Acting -10/10
Plot/Storytelling - 10/10
Cinematography - 10/10
Background Music - 8.5/10 How an American production pulled of one of the worst Russian tragedy so intensely ..breathtaking Highly recommend to see this drama based on true story It's very dramatic and sensitive for me and I really liked it and felt like I was live with them Fantastic writing and directing, Right from the beginning they draw me into the story. I feel like I'm actually there with them on this epic journey. It's great to see it from the Russians perspective and not from an outside perspective of what we think could of happened. I find myself after each episode licking up information about characters introduced or looking for more on the story line I'm following. I highly recommend watching this mini series. It shows us how could be the reality horrific than anything that we can imagine,
Without fictions or imagination... Just reality. There is no need for SciFi movies in order to understand what a dystopian future would look like. A documentary-like TV series depicting the Chernobyl disaster should suffice and suit all our imagined stories about the end of the world. One cannot decide which is more tragic: the physical disaster which ends thousands of lives, human or otherwise, or the social disaster represented by a repressive regime which ended not a long time ago and which so many forgot. One cannot even decide who to fear most: the radioactive contamination or the shadows that follow you everywhere you go and listen everything you say. Watch it, it will be worth your time.<br/><br/>Watch it, it will be worth your time. Amazing show that accurately describes chernobyl events This is by far the best piece of cinamatography I have seen in a long time! In fact, there is nothing I can compare it to because this is really a league of its own. Superb work HBO! The best programme I have watched in a while. Highly recommend it. Acting is amazing. Make up very professional and deserves an award just on that. A really well made portrayal of this tragic event. A must see Amazing work I just like I lived in the 80's all details are hust perfect cars, buildings even the clothes and haircuts❤❤❤
If HBO broke ur heart with the end of GOT watch this it will fix it😍😍❤❤❤ Worth the watch really well written,
The miners are definitely best characters on the show. Brilliant, Haunting, Disturbing Hard Hitting, don't look at it as a drama it's History that everyone needs to know. 3 episodes in. The details are great. Good film work and tell the stroy well. Truly Amazing loved the story line and the acting.
Way way better than expected Highly recommend everyone to watch. Every scene is just perfect with the perfect mix of drama and raw emotions. As a retired accident and emergency nursing sister I can honestly say the make up of the radiation burn victims is chilling in its realism. No it is not overdone. At the beginning of my career I was on the burns unit at the Birmingham Accident hospital. I have nursed victims of 90% burns, so I know. You may imagine how much tragedy I have seen in a 35 year career. But the second episode had me literally trembling as I watched. That these poor souls fell victim to unimaginable suffering is heartbreaking but to realise that is was inflicted on them. Oh, boy........man's inhumanity to man!!
I had to stop reviewing the reviewers.It became too distressing.
Thank you to the makers of this series..........thank you for the truth!!<br/><br/>I've heard that the Russians are trying to deny these truths and plan their own miniseries to contradict. Monstrous! Just own it. Honour the Russian heroes to tried to help each other and gave their lives to help others. I love this show it's great beautiful and beautiful beautiful Sitting with my husband , and father , starting to watch this and not expecting much. But , it moved me too much. We are from Croatia , my mother was pregnant with my brother that time. My father told me they were praying everyday not to be raining here so the radiation doesnt come here, and some other stuff . I was litterally crying all night , i told myself I am not gonna watch the 3 episode , I am not watching anymore. But look at me now, all day waiting to come out the 3 episode.
Every human on thus earth nees to watch this! Maybe is stupid saying this ,beacuse we read it everyday but WE HAVE ONLY THIS PLANET , lets save the planet fron the bad people l I highly recommend, it's intense and a masterpiece of true stories. It is a must watch. I totally recommend this. A piece of cinematographic art. With only 2 episodes in you can already feel the horror, the helplessness and the hopelessness that these people must have been feeling in those moments.<br/><br/>Human beings are messing around with elements so powerful and so dangerous that are completely beyond our capability to control... And then, when things go horribly wrong, you realize how small we are compared to nature itself. One false step doomed thousands and could have destroyed millions. And in hindsight, affected millions for generations to come...<br/><br/>The direction, acting, writing and camera work fill you up with a sense of dread, hopelessness and horror. Knowing that this entire area is still uninhabitable fo this day... Buy also gives you hope for the future of humanity knowing that science will always look for answers and will stay loyal to the truth, to prevent future mistakes.<br/><br/>Wonderful show. So so so so stunning. All i need to say. Its honestly a game of thrones killer. The filming, the acting is just pure art. Its uncomfortable at the least of moments. It makes you question humanity. One of the best shows ive ever had the pleasure of watching. It's the only time I've watched something twice in a row. Bravo. The first episode had almost horror like atmosphere. Instead of relying on sensational shots of explosion, fire and drama they kept building tension by focusing on characters and simple fact that radiation can't be seen and you never know if you are in danger or not...it captured very well the bleak reality of USSR. I also found it very interesting and almost educational because radiation and it's effects are not something you can see in television often.
I decided to comment mainly because I've noticed that so many people complain about the accents. As Eastern European I hate with passion when western actors try to fake accents just to suggest that their characters speak foreign language. It's very odd concept and to me it sounds rather embarrassing. Very realistic and interesting to watch, great script. Just wow! Wow. So realistic, so amazing!!! I wish they released them all at once. I'm literally biting all my nails watching it. I was 3 months old when Chernobyl happened.
I remember growing up hearing about this disaster and finding out everything in the process over the years.<br/><br/>This Doco Series, just amazing and absolutely devastating at the same time.
To make a mini series based on this huge disaster is just incredible.
From the first episode, it had me gripped to see the way it all unfolded. Dumbfounded by the way the one worker just does not agree it's exploded and has so many deaths on his shoulders. The committee meetings, have no idea what has happened, makes me so so angry.<br/><br/>I really don't know what to say, the doco series is incredibly made, a lot of digging in to what happened and all details are executed to precision.<br/><br/>My thoughts on men, woman and children whom were involved directly and indirectly, is shock, hurt, anger, disgust and heartfelt sorrow at what has happened to them and their futures. It is not anything I would wish on another human being.<br/><br/>The government should be held accountable and all the committee, and any person directly involved with the disaster and cover up.<br/><br/>I am now 33, with children, and I hope this never happens on this scale again, in any of our lifetimes.<br/><br/>For surviving and future generations of the Chernobyl disaster, we will never forget. The film is simply gorgeous. The atmosphere of misunderstanding of what happened, denial, and then doom is well conveyed. The tragedy of hundreds of thousands of people and families, forgotten heroes who sacrificed their lives for the existence of millions of people. The reality is that now .... I don't want to write about I'm just saying this is embarrassing for countries that have forgotten their heroes and affected people. That is the hardest thing to understand having watched the first 2 episodes of this drama. I understand that we may never know the true numbers of those that died as a direct or i direct result. But, this series is certainly not shying away from depicting the horror of what happened and the subsequent government cover-up. The acting from all involved so far has been top-notch and whilst not exactly an easy watch, I am looking forward to seeing how the rest of the series plays out. Another success story from HBO in my opinion. From the start, with dying of the main character, and the events after the blast, absolutely beautiful and gripping. Amazing movie, very real, based on a true story and really respects it. I have seen almost all documentaries made on this nuclear accident and read a lot of reports and news articles about and I can say that it has done justice in stating the facts regarding Chernobyl in its true sense.
Anyone living on this earth will be horrified if he/she gets to learn about the true story of it...<br/><br/>Everyone on this earth is indebted to all those real heroes who worked hard by risking their life to put out that nuclear fire and stopping the another blast from happening which would have affected the life of more than a 100 million people.... The whole of mankind would have been in danger...<br/><br/>I salute to those heroes.... After watching two episodes, my conclusion will be: this film fascinates and makes you worry. The plot will be interesting even to those who were familiar with the real event. Dialogues are a bit tight and too pretentious. In the second episode, the risk of a repeated explosion and it's possible consequences are exaggerated, for extra dramatic effect. The Russians and BieloRussians give it a 10 for obvious reasons.<br/><br/>Besides HBO's PR Department, there is nothing special to this series. First, let me compliment the show by saying it's actually pretty good. I like the tone, which is very much horror-esque. But the actors all have Brit accents, which is really, really stupid. This isn't Downton Abbey in Ukraine. All the other reenactments done about Chernobyl (some done by the BBC) all use Russian actors with subtitles. I'm not saying the actors need to speak Russian, but for FS they should at least speak with Russian accents! Who OK'd this terrible idea? In this series, the truth is about 70%. However, even so much truth has never been shown anywhere before. Therefore, my score is quite high. However, the viewer must understand that this is not a documentary.
In reality, the Ulana Khomyuk character did not exist. Why was it entered into the script? Apparently, she urged Legasov to say what he said at the trial in the series.
In reality, Legasov was not present at the trial. Accordingly, his words were not there either. Accordingly, no one has deprived him of the right to engage in his activities.
But if the series showed the truth, the whole meaning of the story would be completely different. And the creators of the series wanted to show exactly what they showed.
Well, there is a lie in the small details. For example, they did not drink vodka there. First, it was, of course, forbidden. Secondly, it would simply be nowhere to take it. But there is a stereotype that Soviet people should drink vodka. About the constant use of the word "tovarisch" is also a stereotype. Nobody said that. And there are many other similar details.
But as I wrote, nevertheless, even so much truth has never been shown before, so 8 out of 10. I couldn't even watch the 1st episode of this mini series, because it's more than what I could bare. I don't know how HBO and the production team did it, but it just looked so real, I really don't know how they did it. The heartless bureaucratic administration officials of this nuclear power plant, their poor knowledge and naive understanding of the radiation, those fatal firefighters and those poor residents who lived in the neighborhood around the power plant, their stupidity lured them to go near to watch the burning of the nuclear power plant, with their kids playing in the radiation ashes, even infant was carried by their parents to watch the horrible phenomenon, and commented on the burning scene "beautiful"....<br/><br/>That's when the senior fireman approached those firemen, ordered them to climb up the explosion debris to spray water from the top, I decided to quit watching. Jesus, It's just too real to watch on. I might have to pump up my courage to continue watching this mini series, but I'm not sure when.<br/><br/>I read a report yesterday which told us that after the 9/11 Twin Towers were hit by those two airplanes, when buildings crashed down, the flying dust carried lot of fatal particles in the air, those who were not in those burning structures, those who had survived on that horrible day but nearby, many of them are dying since them, because they had inhaled those cancerous dust particles. So the number of victims of 9/11 is still accumulated day by day and day after day. If poisonous building materials would cause fatal cancers, think about the nuclear radiation's killing power.<br/><br/>If we compare the incidents at Fukushima Dain nuclear power plant accident causing by the earthquake and the Tsunami with the Chernobyl disaster, the Fukushima one was like a child play.<br/><br/>Scientists and those bureaucratic of many governments still claim that the nuclear power plants are safer is just like telling people that airplanes' accidents are less than what happening daily on the freeways. Well, nice try, Airplanes and vehicles crashing sites can be cleaned up within days or even hours, but when a nuclear power plant accident happened, it's so deadly that could prolong half century or even longer.<br/><br/>But sadly, there's no way we could avoid nuclear power since it's still the most stable energy source on earth. Burning coal or oil, relying wind to blow the turbine fans to generate power are still either deadly to the environment or unstable. Using dams? Don't tell me that you don't know that our rivers are either drying up or already disappeared. So what else we could get power? Solar energy? Yeah, right, I've tried to have solar power on my home's roof, but after I've contacted many solar contractors, we had decided not to install it. Leasing or owning the solar system for two old farts, either way, simply is not practical at all.<br/><br/>Sorry, guys, I still couldn't sum up enough courage to watch this HBO mini series.... Third class documentary made for appropriate audience. Not interesting at all, only sound effects and dull color give the constant feeling of sickness.
Cancer inducing boring series. The first two episodes of this series hit hard. The shots are incredibly emotional without any major dramatic effects (no overly dramatic music and good acting), the pace is slow, the truth encounters many obstacles before finally surfacing. It encompasses sacrifice, fear, courage, the heartbreaking acceptance of one's faith and really makes you think if you'd do the same thing as the characters. What I like most about reality-inspired films is the good portrayal of it. For me, the characters speaking English instead of Ukrainian/Russian certainly took away the realism, hence the 9 stars. As a fact movie 10/10.<br/><br/>As a Cold War Movie 10/10.<br/><br/>As a movie based on true facts, I think many of them were pure fiction. I have never read about moon rovers in Chernobyl!. Also, the dialogues between the Soviet Union members and the Scientists is a reminiscece of 1980s Cold War Movies (The Great USA and the stupid and bad USSR).
Of course people back then, had no idea about what was going to happen. We are talking about the first falulty nuclear reactor. In every dissaster of such magnitude always the chaos govern everything, but HBO tried to put some politics in this. Maybe I'm being unfair. I dont watch horror, I like happy endings. I like films and shows that at least have some breaks for positivity, even humor. Of course, you cant come to this expecting such things, but do you really know just how miserable this event was?<br/><br/>I considered the first season of The Walking Dead to be almost too tense to watch. It has nothing on this. The first two episodes of Chernobyl, right from the first scene, the first background music track, bring about more dread than I care to experience. For that I commend the director and producers as I'm sure twas their goal.<br/><br/>I was disappointed in the British actors and accents, though I suppose conscripting that many Russian actors probably would have been difficult. Personally I'd rather have subtitles with the true dialog than inaccurate accents. It was the second to last episode before you see anyone who even looks Russian.<br/><br/>I think the grandiose reputation of the show is mainly held up by those first two or three episodes. Yes, we all know how the Soviet Union operated (or how we've been taught it did in the West), but as dreadful as the beginning of the show was, we're made aware of the KGB and state influence but the only real tyranny we witness is from Dyatlov.<br/><br/>The final two episodes almost seem to take on a life of their own, drifting from the main story. Elements both could have been left out or expanded, and the whole thing is wrapped up rather hastily.<br/><br/>Its definitely not bad, its worth a watch. But as is probably abundantly clear by now, this review stands as a rebuttal to the insane 9.6 score the series has at this point. Whilst the series is highly engaging in the early episodes they never really develop the characters and we never understand their motives or emotions. Also, whilst they spend the last episode explaining the technical aspects of the possible causes we really don't get all the sub plots and motivations, both during the actual event and in the review of it many years later.<br/><br/>The casting, sets, cinematography, styling etc is excellent! My only gripe is that I would have preferred Russian audio with subtitles to really create a feeling of authenticity.<br/><br/>Bottom line is that the series is interesting and very realistic but it serves as great documentary rather than engaging and relatable dramatic entertainment. Its a trash can show but i will say there were a lot of great qualities this series had and has plenty of merit but it made me want to blow my brains out just waiting for it to please be over my god it was so slow and boring and meh and unengaging and a complete gray snoozefest like the man of steel movies poor poor experience would not reccomend Not what I expected it to be but still worth watching I really appreciate the work that went in to telling the story, I really liked that the effects were very realistic and everything, but I think it's a bit overhyped in my opinion. That could just be because I've studied the whole thing and watched many documentaries over the years that to me it felt over dramatized.. I also was obviously distracted by the fact the Russians didn't sound at all Russian.. nobody even attempted to try to sound Russian..<br/><br/>Don't get me wrong, I recommend it.. you will probably enjoy it! it just wasn't exactly for me.. I got pulled in by the hype train and I was into it for a couple of episodes before I lost interest. Well, I cannot believe HBO threw so much money at this project!
The first big thing that destroyed it for me was the fact they were speaking English at a nuclear reactor in Ukraine!! Americans!! Unbelievable!!!!
The acting was poor apart from the guy who hung himself!! Very disappointing The show was great. Historical biopic about the nuclear explosion in the Ukraine in 1986. The cover up and the truth. The effect of the radiation and the clean up. The many, many deaths.<br/><br/>So why am I not rating it 10/10 like everyone else? 2 major reasons.<br/><br/>1. Set in the USSR and 90% of the actors spoke in a British accent. Very confusing and odd. Why couldn't they have had Russian accents or Russian actors? A few subtitles wouldn't have hurt either.<br/><br/>2. It was an important story to tell and there was a lot to tell but it was so drawn out. 5 episodes could have been done in 2 or 3. I was very interested in the story but felt bored at times and wanted it to be condensed a bit.<br/><br/>The final part with what happened to the people next was very beautifully done and it was great but I can't forgive the accents or the length.<br/><br/>The comparison to Game of Thrones is laughable. Apples and Oranges. Only 2 episodes and it's 9.6 that doesn't seem right to me. This is another title that falls in the category of overrated TV series. I do believe they put a lot of effort into trying to follow the timeline that happened in real life and I do believe they managed to do so quite subtly. The first two episodes and the last one did deliver, but they should be treated as episodes from a documentary movie mixed with and artistic TV series. Unfortunately episodes three and four are a true letdown or "meltdown" to cite the characters and they seemed dragged out and forced. We should not take this TV series for a full artistic one, therefore we should not expect a lot of character development, but the main leads did really well from my point of view both Boris Shcherbina and Valery, yet we should not forget the fictional character played by Emily Watson.
This TV series highlights that sometimes in order to survive you do need to have the luck on your side. A very well produced and well acted miniseries. Chernobyl captures the chaotic atmosphere of the incident very well. The series conveys the struggles of the people during the event excellently,showing how different individuals suffered during the time and the different procedures that people went through to contain the problems. The series does lack a bit in characterization,while some characters do keep you a bit engaged,others range from being bland to just being one dimensional plot devices. It does make things up but that is sometimes required to tell a coherent story and Im not a big historian so the changes made did not really stand out for me. It isn't anything groundbreaking or challenging,but it does do a lot of the things its going for quite well and a lot of the perfomences were also fantastic. All in all this is still a very solid and accessable show that I would recommend for everyone to check out. I Loved this Show.. it was Intense , Actors were Great , Cinematography was Top notch , Story was Accurate . Its Undoubtedly the most well made True Story ever . My only problem with this show was N the Reason why i gave it 8 because Ukrainians didn't speak English to Each Other n That too In British Accent. If they had Made It The Indigenous language , it would have been more Authentic...For the First 5 minutes i couldn't wrap my head around watching everyone Talking in British English but after a While you'll get used to it. Nevertheless , Absolute Masterpiece You people who gave it 10 stars don't watch too many documentaries, do you? Descovery has oh so many every day, but you watch only HBO and Netflix, no? This mini serie is a long boring documentary about CernobÃ®l. You could skip to the last episode to see what really happened, otherwise is a waste of time. For me the skill I value above all else in TV and film is IMMERSION. To make me forget that I'm watching a production and believe for a moment i'm there.<br/><br/>When it's a tragic incident this is even more important, as we are witnessing an account of real people that were injured and died.<br/><br/>This show does not give me that. At all. The intrusive music, swish direction, slow-motion dramatics all takes me out the immersion - and makes me feel like we're watching a disaster movie from the 1990s.<br/><br/>The worst thing - by a mile - is that they're all British. This was an incident in the Ukraine. Why is everyone acting like they're in Britain? I pushes the show into absurdity. I'm not saying it all has to be foreign language with subtitles, but The Americans was a great example of using real foreign language actors so that when they even spoke in English you felt it was realistic.<br/><br/>The actors you could lift out of any generic BBC police drama - the head of the control room feels like the police boss. The questioning in the 'interrogation' room was absurd and they were seconds away from going "You're nicked!".<br/><br/>They should have just made it a fictional account of a UK nuclear disaster and avoided most of the issues above.<br/><br/>I'll give it two points as set design wise, it looks great. I don't get the high rating on this. I get it's a true story, but I found it incredibly boring, I watched all the episodes, but by the time I got to the final episode I ended up falling asleep in the last 20 minutes. I've watched alot of T.V shows, but have never fallen asleep during a series Finale. I would recommend this to the person who never watches T.V. If you've watched shows like Breaking Bad, GOT, Stranger Things etc. Don't expect this to be anything like those shows. If I had to compare it, I would compare it to a B grade documentary. I gave this a one but only because I can't give a 0 Its not so good like everyone said, its OK!
I see everything but it's not la casa De papel or stranger things, you want see more and more no, I saw because everybody said it's sooooo good but no it's not so good! The story has low speed and boring on specific times. While it is based on real event, I guess it didn't need a miniseries and a long movie was enough. Cast are all good especially acts and Costume design. The ending was excellent as well. I found the show riveting, the cinematography and pacing was fantastic.<br/><br/>The last episode was a big disappointment for me because while previously they had dramatized events a bit they stuck to the truth as we know it for the most part.<br/><br/>But in a show where they constantly stress the cost of lies, in the final episode it decays into a feel good morality play for American audiences where Legasov the protagonist denounces the Soviet system in a way one can't imagine a Soviet citizen doing using arguments no one living in the Soviet Union would use.<br/><br/>This, near as I can tell, never happened. In fact it's implied in Legasov's suicide note that he committed suicide because of his guilt over lying to people over the safety of the RMBK reactors and his bitter disillusionment at the refusal of officials to change the reactors to be more safe.<br/><br/>It really undercuts the whole message of the film when they feel the need to invent something that clearly never happened to push their simplistic feel good story. This encouraged me to watch more documentaries about Chernobyl I never realised how close we were to an even larger disaster. Shocking. Very well cast and acted. I was gripped.
My only complaint was the accents. ....Yorkshire's Scouse, Midlands UK accents really took me out of it......I'd have rather they had russian accents or better still Russian with subtitles to get a genuine feel to it. But that's the only complaint. So one point off for that. Otherwise perfect. Are all these reviews from people on Sky payroll?? Or have the genuine reviews been deleted? . The variety of English and American accents ruins the telling of a historical event.<br/><br/>The dialogue is so awkward, heavily leaning on stereotypes and cliches while moving in slow-motion.<br/><br/>Visuals are pretty good.<br/><br/>...probably not going to get past episode 3. I was very much looking forward to this show, the ads and previews looked so promising .<br/><br/>Unfortunately, it doesn't deliver .<br/><br/>This first episode is an unimaginative succession of stereotypes, much like painting by numbers .<br/><br/>The ingredients, the required scenes and dialogues uttered are all there, but somehow the total is less than the sum of its parts .
By a lot .<br/><br/>It's boring - at no time does the viewer get involved, there never is a sense of danger or even urgency, just a cartoonish slide show of one of the most tragic events in recent history . It's a great representation of what actually happened. I had no idea of what really went on there. I love the way they did this show and how it's a mini series as it doesn't need to be multiple series thing. Do I think it's the best thing ever released? No. But is it amazing? Yes it is Was way too hyped going into to watch this, too many recommendations and felt too slow Chernobyl is the worst man-made disaster so far in human history, and the fact that there are barely any movies or TV series/shows about this event surprises me. A TV series such as Chernobyl is so important, as it shows how much power humans have, and if treated wrongly, disasters await. The way Chernobyl presents the delusions of humans is told masterfully. Everything about Chernobyl is near perfect; the best part about Chernobyl was the realistic storytelling, and how they kept it so closely to what actually happened.<br/><br/>Everyone by now has heard about Chernobyl, but no one really knows how it happened, and how it was taken care of. Chernobyl perfectly explains what happened with great pacing, that kept the plot addictive to watch. In fact, the best part about the storytelling was the pacing. It was all condensed into five episodes; less episodes would've rushed it, more episodes would've drawn out the story. The build up to the final episode was written perfectly; the first scene of the series made you question why it was Dyatlov's fault. This type of foreshadowing makes the story way more exciting to watch. The visual storytelling was represented greatly, and it played a big part. Seeing the desaturated atmosphere really drove home the idea of what a nuclear disaster would look like.<br/><br/>Another impressive factor about Chernobyl was how realistic they told the story. They used the same trucks and hazmat suits; changing nothing from what actually happened. I thought the whole episode about the miners was added in just for drama, but no, there were 400 hundred miners working. Everything was included and everyone got their story told. Even the actors looked similar to their real counter parts; this type of detail is what makes Chernobyl such an amazing biography.<br/><br/>One of the strongest parts about Chernobyl was the filming. Chernobyl was filmed in such a slow paced manner, and that really showed off that there is a slow, inevitable disaster coming. The cinematography is top notch, and it made everything seem more realistic, and the color grading made the show feel more apocalyptic. Usually, color grading is used to enhance the color, but they did the opposite. Another thing that was well done technically was the acting. The acting felt so realistic, there was no need for actors to be acting their heart in a series such as this. If it were not for the acting than this series would've been half of what it is.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is by far the best depiction of what happened in Chernobyl. It tells the story so well, and it includes everyone's part in it. They included the miners, the 750,000+ workers, the nurses, the firefighters, the scientists, etc. The story telling was perfect, with great pacing, and a suspenseful first episode. Everything technically was amazing. The cinematography was filmed beautifully and the desaturated atmosphere fitted perfectly with the mood of the series. I couldn't recommend this series more. Everyone deserves the chance to watch this series, and everyone deserves the chance to know what happened in the greatest man-made disaster of all time. So intense, so deep and so involving that you can feel radiation coming out of your television screen and defecting you. What a masterpiece of depiction of why happened at Chernobyl. It was very difficult tho watch every episode as my bones ached like I could feel the radiation going through them. The radiation burn victims in the hospital was so painfully to watch. Nobody knew anything. I read many comments here from people that lived it when they were younger and they unanimously agree that this was the most accurate description of what happens there. I could only take a episode every few days. It was so astonishing to watch but pushed myself through because we all need to know what happened here. Yes, it's that good that you should watch it. It's not a documentary in which you get bored. I highly recommend it A tremendous, vivid and powerful documentary-drama displaying what went wrong at Chernobyl and the Soviet republic.
Everything from the chilling music score and the actors give life to a story so strong that you almost get the wind knocked out of you.
The series is not just good; it's a must see!
This series is a testament to what was wrong with the socialist system and what the result was.
I don't want to take away from the heroics of the Russians and Ukrainians and more that was firemen, liquidators, soldiers; they did a tremendous job.
But the system: Always cutting corners, the total disregard of human costs, the endemic corruption produces the worst disaster ever recorded in the history of nuclear power production.
Thankfully none of the reactors in the west was built with this technology nor this poor standard, don't make the mistake of believing this could ever happen in a nuclear reactor in the west.
See it! You will not regret it. (Flash Review)<br/><br/>Generations from across the globe know Chernobyl was a human tragedy but may not have heard the nitty gritty details. If you are in the mood to be depressed by human sorrow and grave situations as well as bravery and heroes, pop this in. It chronicles what happens minute by minute following the explosion of the reactor's core. The factual numbers of the power and impact of the physics is just staggering and jaw dropping. It does not shy away or dilute the severity of any aspect of the disaster. You follow a few key figures; a political head and two nuclear physicists as they work to contain and stop the disaster and try to uncover what went wrong. This was a high quality production with nice period Soviet styles and set pieces. Solid cinematography with a muted and somber color pallet. Well worth the time investment. There is no denying the fact that Chernobyl, is probably one of the best television series of the decade. It deserves all the plaudits it has received, the production is almost faultless - almost.
There are many great moments in this production, not least the surprising cameos from established character actors - I've always admired Donald Sumpter, who is a wonderful actor. His role in this series must be one of the highlights of his career.
However the inclusion of Alex Ferns - another good actor, does rather grate on me. He has a strong Scottish accent, which is perplexing to say the least. I'm not sure about the logic of using actors with mostly English accents. Speaking as a person with an English Mother and Ukrainian Father, I would have liked to have heard authentic accents. This is the only real quibble I have with the series. Other than that, Chernobyl is a compelling, unforgettable series that is not to be missed. Just watch before die. You may feel seeing such a good documentary with different part each character but it's not boring every single minute.
Even I don't know much in specific chemicals or related nuclear words at all, but I can understand when the scientist gave the testimony in the court. Like I said just watch it
It'll never waste your time to know the One of terrible story in our world. I cannot fault this in any way. This was truly breathtaking and will be one of the shows/films that will stick with me for life. Everything was perfect. The attention to detail of the Soviet era down to the decor, setting and even chosen colour tone and style of the cinematography - perfect. Soundtrack with eerie industrial suspense or sense of unfolding calamity - perfect. Cast - amazing performances from Skarsgård, Harris and Watson - perfect. A very decent amount of historical research was put into this and you feel the anxiety, the horror, the disbelief, the rage with every passing minute. I couldn't stop watching, yet I had to at times I was so emotionally impacted that I had to just pace the room in shock and dismay and anger at times. The only bad thing about this was I was really underwhelmed by what to watch next. A hard act to follow and I opined I had nothing of this quality to consume again. In no way should there be another TV show out ranking this on IMDb so I'm doing my part. I am an avid pc games player and one of my favorite games in which i spent a lot of time was Stalker. The all experience was tremendous. So, cannot express correctly how excited i was with this one. It blow my mind. Everything was so good that i started a campaing on anyone i know to see this or forever risk me from their lives lololol. Really gratefull to all people envolved in this project. And the music... ufff! Authenticity: They did their research. The props, sets spot on (the burials in lead coffins then immersed in yards of concrete was an impactful image). Filming locations - Lithuania; Ukraine. 300,000 displaced from their homes - none have returned. The only thing lacking they should have used, as well as possible, regional actors w/appropriate languages - not contemporary English. That lack of accuracy made the series seem too staged.<br/><br/>Quotes: "The real danger is that if we hear enough lies then we non longer recognize the truth." ...when people ask questions ...they're told to keep their minds on their labors...leave matters to the state." "No one leaves. We cut the phone lines." "When the truth offends, we lie until we can no longer remember..."<br/><br/>Impact: The effects of radiation, radioisotopes, so quickly before your eyes, destroying tissues reminded me of Hiroshima, Nagasaki as well as the recent Japanese nuclear power plant tsunami destruction. Fortunately post event cancer rates were not as high as they could have been. But, other stressors had their effect on lifespans. My husband grew up near my uncle. These are things we take for granted. Nuclear power plants and such. Let's not over ex though. Show the plot showing drama more like when you get on the bicycle. Shout out to Albert Pujols. I seriously doubt literally these are the words. Let's get real though. Let's talk frankly about Chernobyl. Was it is? Are there still people alive today who remember where they lived? Maybe we can just agree to disagree. All Asians Terry salts bad baskets trundling a day or traveling trundling Betty basket Chin Chin's got its guts coming to kick your logo. It's been 5 days since I finished this series and I still can't stop thinking about it. World class acting, incredible production and just how well it captures the essence of that time when this tragedy happened! Speechless... If there is any FLAW with Chernobyl, that would be it's not a documentary therefore it is not accurate in every detail.
Legasov kept seeking the truth, though having struggled with himself at Vienna, and always stood steadily with the truth.
I'll definitely watch it again and find more. Only one criticism, and that is of the Valery's speech at the hearing, I'm not sure if this was a verbatim or not of his actual speech, but I felt the oh-so-American habit of over-egging it creeped in here. Far too anti ussr it was, I'm sure a hint or mention would have been more subtle and still get the message clearly across. Rather than all this we lie we lie we always lie anti Russia stuff.
Amazing otherwise! I never thought that a TV serie could have been so catchy and instructive.<br/><br/>A must watch!!! It makes you feel like you're there with all the people who suffered and payed a heavy price for human incompetence. HBO may have failed us in Game of Thrones, but they couldn't have done better in Chernobyl.<br/><br/>It is perfect. This show is much more than the Chernobyl accident itself. It is about an authoritarian and decadent regime. It is about the conflicts between scientists and specialists, whose priority is solving the problem and minimising the harm done to the people, and the party burocrats, who only care about damage control and saving the image of the Soviet Union.<br/><br/>The Soviet daily life is perfectly represented. The ugly Soviet apartments, the cars, everything could'nt have been portrayed better. Moreover, the soundtrack fits perfectly.<br/><br/>10/10 Truly masterful. Excellent camera work, amazing sound design and masterful acting. Truly an achievement worthy of praise.<br/><br/>I had chills throughout the series. I was in kiev and odessa in 2004 and heard stories. Nothing compares to what i saw in the mini series. Actors giving the best of their performances and scenes that come from a never ending nightmare. After watching the series twice i cought myself thinking a lot of what ifs . What if the soldiers have not given their lives for clearing the debris. What if the engineers have not emptied the water tanks. What if the miners have not made that tunnel. My childhood and millions of others might be different. A must see series A friend told me to watch this. Next thing I know, it's all over the news, the magazines, everyone's talking about it and for good reason.
It's the facts in it that interested me - like every 30mins the amount of contamination being released into the atmosphere was the equivalent to the Hiroshima bomb. That's 48 Hiroshima bombs EVERY day yet the Russians tried to keep a lid on events and even when found out they tried to downplay the levels of radiation. Cinematography : 10/10
Dialogue : 10/10
Acting : 10/10
Accuracy : I wasn't there/10
Score : 10/10<br/><br/>The show is damn near perfect. If you haven't tuned in, I suggest doing so. This is by far the best series I have ever seen in my life (I am almost 60). I was still living in Romania at the time of the events and I remember the worry, the iodine tablets that we were all taking.
The historical accuracy is simply unbelievable, all the characters behave and talk exactly the way I remember - they were all the same in all the Eastern-European communist block.
I hear now that in Russia they say the series does not reflect the real events - those who say so are either completely brain-washed and haven't lived in that era, or simply have not seen the movie.
Romania was building its own atomic energy power station at the time, but had chosen to use French technology since the Soviet one was said to be unsafe if not dangerous - as the movie clearly depicts.
I would give the series 15/10 if I could!!! The last episode was particularly impressive. The best thing on HBO right now. I had know idea how bad the situation was. 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 Every single human beings on earth can learn a lot from this movie. Although it is a series of 5 episodes, I would've no complaints if it were really a 5 hours movie. Enjoyed every seconds of it.<br/><br/>Chernobyl showcases the essence of human capabilities - to lie, to unite in lying, and to tell the truth, and to unite in telling the truth. And that, truth, sooner or later will comes out, no matter how you want to bury it.<br/><br/>I want to say a billion thanks to the producers, directors and actors and actresses, who managed to convey the story as how it should have been told.<br/><br/>All in all I can say this movie stands proudly alongside movies like Spotlight. True sides of the best and worst of humanity. I am from Russia, and I think that the atmosphere of those years is beautifully reproduced. But of course there was not so much vodka and no one usually called each other comrade (tovarischtch). This is an official appeal. Thank you for showing the heroism of the Russian, soviet people in a terrible situation, and the cynicism of the government. Is a part of the modern history that we all have to know about. Mind in fact that Russia authorities tried to stop this movie of being realised. Nobody was honest with us regarding with what happened there, until now. This movie is a masterpiece!!! Congrats!!! We were hooked from the start. It looks like Russia in 1986, and the actors were well chosen. Some scenes are very hard to watch, but that is the reality of what happened. I'm not sensitive, but it got to me. I felt sad, anger, fear, and could not look away. Definitely one of the best storyes ever. It is something between documentary and drama, and i like it so much. Every detail, actors and other thing are amazing. This series are the same like real story. It also shows human mistakes and you can learn a lot of things here, speccialy things about this accidente. I like it so much. Good job HBO! The hard-work of CraigMazin pays off really well in this short series on the Chernobyl Nuclear Disaster.<br/><br/>Though dark, it engulfs us into its narration, urging us to crave for more. This is where it differs from DARK and 13 Reasons Why - two of the most dark and depressing series I watched.
There is always a point where one can skip an episode or two, but in Chernobyl, there isn't..even a scene / shot.<br/><br/>The different perspectives gave the feeling of the happenings on ground zero - before, during and the aftermath of Chernobyl Nuclear Disaster.<br/><br/>For its absolutely stunning visuals and storytelling, this is officially the best series witnessed so far (sorry Avatar: The Last Airbender, you have to share your spot now !) Probably the best reflection of a real event on screen. Cast, cinematography, editing, pace of the story and every single detail is just excellent. A final episode could not be better than this. Long story short, this is an outstanding masterpiece... An absolutely brilliant dramatization of an even that will haunt humanity forever. Gripping from beginning to end. A truly powerful exposure of the horrific incident and the blatant disregard for humanity that the Soviet Union allowed. Will watch again. One of the finest writings i had ever seen . Very authentic, informative, engaging. Also it deals with philosophy of truth. A great message to humanity. Finally, a Docu - Drama with a human touch... This will leave you numb , to think this really happened in our time. You will not find a better mini series or movie for that matter out there But this is how it can be described I've done really great research before and it's a sad and painful story that made me happy to see things that I know that way Set in the mid-late '80s, CHERNOBYL follows the true story of the infamous nuclear disaster that happened in Chernobyl, USSR, and the aftermath of it, how the Soviet government dealt with possibly mankind's worst man made disaster, and the many lives that were affected by it.<br/><br/>CHERNOBYL, as best I can put it, feels like a cinematic event. Similar to Christopher Nolan's DUNKIRK, we DO have characters who we follow from start to finish, but they play out more like pawns, that are part of a big story, which is a significant historical event in time, being captured on screen.<br/><br/>Right from the show's opening, CHERNOBYL wastes no time setting up characters, or its setting, and instantly jumps to the action within minutes showing the explosion, and while the first episode spends its runtime on the disaster itself, the four episodes that follow it are about the repercussions of it, because what more important than the bang itself, is the reaction to it. And if you thought the nuclear plant exploding was going to be the peak of the show, you are proven wrong, because after that, we witness some breathtaking, intense heart pounding scenes, from Chernobyl's evacuation, to three brave men going underground to drain the water before it gets contaminated, and the one that steals the spotlight, the graphite cleaning scene from episode 4, which is presented in one take.<br/><br/>The desperation and fright of Chernobyl is well conveyed on the faces of the actors playing the protagonists, from Jared Harris as Velary Legaslov, Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd as Boris Shcherbina, Emily Watson as Ulana Khomyuk, and everyone else. Not one actor in the show ever feels miscast (though it's a little weird how they're SPEAKING IN ENGLISH AS OPPOSED TO RUSSIAN), and besides the phenomenal technical aspects of the show, if the acting also receives attention during the television awards season, I would be SO happy. IMDB tends not count a lot of 10's and 1's but this was by far the best TV movie/mini-series I have watched since HBO's the Wire which was 15+ years ago.<br/><br/>Great direction by Johan Renck. He took his time with the camera when it was required. He guided the cast to give great performances that were compelling, riveting and just all out awesome.<br/><br/>The series as a whole is now my favorite Mini-series produced and I have probably watched it 5 times, if not more. It never gets boring.<br/><br/>I grew up in the USA but I remember this event vividly, how our entire freshman class was glued to TV coverage when it was found out what the Soviets were hiding from the world and the sheer horror of what was occuring is definitely displayed in the story and performances.<br/><br/>I actually lived in Syracuse NY when this event occurred but 7 years prior I lived in PA during the 3 mile island nuclear accident and while I lived about 120 miles from that event at the time to have another disaster hit within such a short span of time really started to raise my awareness on Nuclear power and the dangers involved when secrets are kept not just from personnel but from the public..<br/><br/>Still I cannot recommend this program enough YOU HAVE TO SEE IT!<br/><br/>You will endure some very unsettling moments in each episode, some of which I had to straight pause the playback and take a deep breath and mind you I am 48 years old so it definitely struck a major chord with me.<br/><br/>Now I am eagerly waiting the Blu-Ray release. Got better and better with each episode !
Highlights problems in today's society As gripping as it is horrifying, it will shock you beyond your utmost imagination, and it will leave you stunned like never before. CHERNOBYL is one of the best TV shows ever made. It's a wonderful depiction of the events that happened. Chernobyl deserves a watch not just for the sake of entertainment, but to know how dangerous and frightening the 'Chernobyl Disaster' was, and still is, with the effects of the World's Worst Nuclear Disaster still looming to this day.. Chernobyl is one of those rare creation which was able to put the reality on to the reels in a perfect way. Watching the show was like feeling to live through the entire event. Very authentic - cinematography is great and you can feel being in the 1980's Ukraine. HBO has created a masterpeice, and I'm glad more people will realize what Chernobyl is. Even though this happened behind the Iron Curtain, it doesn't mean it couldn't happen anywhere else. That's because people generally try to protect their jobs even if it means covering up their bosses' incompetence. Usually employees are accustomed to following the chain of command. When people do become whistle-blowers, they usually lose their jobs, or their freedom, or even their lives.<br/><br/>Here the magnitude of the nuclear horror was lowered because some people were willing to sacrifice themselves for the good of all. They did a great job with the events that transpired along with the characters the selected for the roles they played. All in all I cant imagine a short series being much better than this one. My brother asked me if I've watched this show, and I said no. I'd heard alot of positive opinions about the show and decided to watch it. I now ask my friends "have you seen Chernobyl?", because it's the kind of thing you just need to share with others. In todays society that's basically all we have. Everyone recieves all available information out in the world very fast. If you want to reach and influence the masses you don't write a thesis anymore, you create a TV-show. If something like Chernobyl happens again, the true test will come and the question if we truly learn from our past will be answered. Almost smelled the burning metal. Can't stop watching from episode 1 to 5 Before Chernobyl we only knew about uranium.but this 5 episodes taught us almost everything, and i just want to travel to some abandoned power plant.
Credit goes to the actors and directors,producers for such mini series. Engrossing, realistic and mostly a fair reflection of the true events. Some artistic license, but certainly not overdramatised or Hollywoodized.
Some important messages that are still highly relevant today. Sad that we have not fully taken onboard some of the lessons from this disaster. I never thought a mini series this much interesting... Felt so sorry for the people's who paid with their lives for the incident and government lies. This shouldn't happens ever again in reality.... Awesome and devastating, very informative and interesting. You get hooked to the screen after 10 minutes in to the episode 1 of this master piece.<br/><br/>Highly recommended to start watching this if you are free for continuous 5 hours, Once you start ep01 there is no pausing there after. A true story of Socialism and we in the north of Sweden was "infected" by this at the time I am a Medical Physicist and I have been studying Chernobyl for years. Watched it standing up and with tears in my eyes.
To those who saved the world!! First of all let me just tell you that I have never thought that I'll watch something and it will lead me to write a review immediately on IMDB. I mean this series covers it all. It has drama, it has suspense, it has empathy, it has huge chunks of emotions and above all it is telling the much awaited truth to the rest of the world who are not fully aware of the Chernobyl incident. I never expected that a series which has been tagged under Drama & History genre can stir so much of emotions. For certain scenes you will nearly have tears welling up in your eyes. I certainly cried for few scenes. The series captures the ignorant decisions made by the higher officials who were in-charge of the nuclear reactor, the Soviet Union's highest security body KGB trying every possible means to curb the truth and banking upon the lies that they have been telling to the rest of the world and beyond all it captures the sacrifices that lot of scientists, researchers, fire fighters, miners & civilians made for the greater good even after knowing the consequences of being exposed to highest degree of radiations. People have been forced to leave their ancestral homes without even the knowledge of the timeline for which they are vacating the place. Sometimes it tough to take certain decisions which will harm a smaller group of people to save a larger human race. I wouldn't say more as I actually want you guys to go and watch & witness it on your own and experience the emotions. The end credit scenes which are the real footage from that era and the pictures of the deserted isolated areas will give you goosebumps and literally you can feel the turmoil that the people have gone through. I would say that it's a must watch series and some more such series should come up to throw some light upon the crucial historical events, An absolute true horror film, in the true sense of the word. Everything about this film was terrifying the chain of events that ultimately lead to the nuclear explosion and then the cover-up from the powers-that-be, everything about it is horrifying. A true testament to how mankind doesnt know what they are doing half the time. The actors were truly amazing (I don't say that lightly) with their portrayals of these characters. Oscars for everyone if it were up to me! 👏👏👏👏👏 A gripping and oh so sad must watch series!! A sign of a great series is when you end up researching the background to events. Chernobyl gripped me so much much from the first five minutes.<br/><br/>Firstly the production values were so high. It is HBO after all. Second the actors were almost unrecognisable. Jared Harris I recognised the jaw line, but Stellan Skarsgard was so different and convincing. The grime of a 1980s Soviet power plant was ingrained into the workers.<br/><br/>I could go on and on. But what really did it for me was the depth of the characters. The old men who really believed that Communist state would do right by them. They were real people in that era just before the USSR broke up. HBO got them dead right.<br/><br/>A great show This TV show is awesome. I hope that there will be second season - Hiroshima, third season - Nagasaki, forth season - Fokushima. This show is so impactful bringing to light the human piece of something out of reach for anyone who was not alive and an adult during the crisis. Taking something so complex and making it viewer and television ready was a feat in itself and the writers and producers did it perfectly. A must see. Small historical errors that can be reviewed upon your own research if you wish but overall there is nothing negative to say about this show. A masterpiece ..... if this was a movie and thank God they decided otherwise then it would have won oscars for sure but a 2 or 3 hour movie would not have done justice to the story of this event most of us don't even know could have resulted in millions of deaths. The acting , dialogue, direction and the score all are perfect and take you to this very real disaster . Most of all it is a cautionary tale and forces you to think how close we are to our doom as a species. Wish the message goes through that the truth will remain not caring for how many beautiful lies we like to erase it with . It absolutely focussed on the detailing and realistic nature of the scenario that would have been at that time . Brilliant acting but also great storyline.
Most important part is that the wisdom it give about the complex phenomena in simple manner making it allured to all tv types of tv lovers. Not only the emotions run high at times but it also makes us contemplate about the situation . Simply amazing !
The best line is at the end ".....cost of lies". A mind blowing finale after the slight drop in Episodes 3 & 4! I was afraid that they will wrap it up with a green message, but they not only underlined the role of the totalitarian state, but also posed the more fundamental question of where is the philosophy of compromise leading us. In non-material matters we may try and stay vague on that, but in the material world the answer is clear: to catastrophe! I am 17 years Old and until now I barely knew much facts about the Chernobyl disaster but from this mimi Series I learned so much things that I am grateful watching this now! Loved it from start to finish. Great writing from Craig Mazin. Great chemistry between the two main characters. This is a masterpiece in the mouthful that's a great job, great great - story chiefs, an integrated job, thank you for this antique HBO does a great job of portraying this disaster in a forgotten time of the Cold War.... to see the accounts of this disaster from the other side of the iron curtain is definitely an eye opener. Hands down the best series... Disturbing history. Great acting. Awesome recreation of the time and place Only seen a couple of episodes as yet, and I'm hooked. I had to stop watching in between because it was so intense. The atmosphere makes me shiver and I find myself praying (not usual lol) for the characters and mankind. It's a must watch. Every now and then, something beautiful happens - every tiny part of some big project is done masterfully and comes together perfectly.<br/><br/>Chernobyl (2019) shows the humanity in an otherwise terrible tragedy, and it does so in only five hours. I like watch series about history of our world, but this mini serie is very very good. I'm from Portugal and since i was kid I hear stories about Chernobly. And this mini serie is amazing, I learn much about the history about the accident in Chernobly. Excellent movie based on real life events. Actor play was wonderful. I wish the movie was a bit longer and explain what happened with the people, who were living there. Where did they go and for how long did they live... My partner and I have been hooked since episode one and we were so happy with the way you dealt with sensitivity of the matter. It's been very informative and eye opening. The subject has always been of interest but no documentary or program has ever compared. Fantastic, shows real life and suffering of Russian people! #Chernobyl is most rewarding thing I have watched in long time.<br/><br/>A man made catastrophic disaster, people who literally forced it to happen, unprepared crew which knew nothing about how they could have stopped it, unsung heroes who knowing/unknowingly charred their lives to save millions, rusting philosophies of Soviet Union who refused to accept what horror they were into and their dodging of acceptance of truth, science and scientists struggling against iron fists of diplomats and politicians, insignificance of human lives when nature takes over, horrific aftermath to those who were around that reactor that night and most importantly the hero who fought against ticking clock of doom and system to only see he becoming no one who mattered to no one!<br/><br/>Gosh! I don't think any 5 episode serial can indulge into so many threads with supreme accuracy and yet remains highly entertaining edge of the seat.
Kudos to the makers!!
Writing, cinematography and performances are of absolute Gold standards!<br/><br/>Could have concluded like Chinatown as both depicts insignificance of ordinary people in context of bigger diplomatic machineries.<br/><br/>May be something like<br/><br/>'Forget it Valary. It's Soviet Union' Chernobyl...This mini TV series Surpasses any high expectations that you can have for it, the impeccable writing, the strength of the storyline, the atmospheric sound effects, the tremendous actors who deserve to be class A from now on with their outstanding performances not to mention the incredible resemblance to their real life characters, all of these factors contributed of making Chernobyl to be literally the highest rating TV show of all time..<br/><br/>Now Spoiler Alert
Although mistakes were established early on but the mini series clearly addresses the political view & how the system was terribly guilty, the lies or "The State Craft" that cost thousands of people their health, their lives, their children lives & the birth defects since 1986 & all for what? Because a nation that is obsessed with not being humiliated !!
As Mikhail Gorbachev said "The nuclear meltdown at Chernobyl was perhaps the true cause of the collapse of the Soviet Union"<br/><br/>A true story always wins An excellent depiction of how the tragedy unfolded. A little artistic licence here and there but on the whole largely true to events having read Serhii Plokhy's recent book on the subject. I absolutely recomend watching this awesome piece of hell on earth. Its amazingly well directed. Heart touching and haunting. Most importantly an unbelievable true story.
Writing 10/10
Storytelling 10/10
Cinematography 10/10
Vfx 10/10
Total rating 10/10 Created an account to review and give ten stars. Just incredible story telling This is perhaps the most intense, dramatic, well executed and even best acted show I have ever seen on television. Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard give the performance of their lives-and I've seen Mad Men and von Trier's films...even better than that! I enjoyed Breaking Bad and GoT but I just couldn't EVER look away with Chernobyl. The show is scary because it's true and as a historian who studied the Cold War, I really appreciate the authenticity of the sets, clothing, and even characters. Even the music is up to par. VERY impressed. At first, I was thinking there was no way I was going to watch this series. However, I sat down to watch the first episode and if I remember right I was anxious! HBO did a fantastic job with this event in history of the world. If you are interested in any sort of history or even if you're not, I highly recommend this series. It is gripping, captivating, it's intense, and just overall done brilliantly. A wonderful portrayal of a terrible event. The acting and emotion are terrific everything about the writing and visuals goes above and beyond Difficult topic told very respectfully and heartfelt This is without a doubt the best thing I have ever watched. The production, the sound, the acting, the dialogue, the storytelling... If you haven't seen it yet, what are you doing with your life? This series was riveting viewing from start to finish. Chernoyl was an event that shook the world and yet the world knew little about what actually occurred. This series gives us a clearer understanding of how and why the most deadly reactor explosion in history happened. Besides giving the viewer a glimpse into the now defunct Soviet system, it also provides an understanding of the consequences of a system that sought to hide the truth from its citizenry. The messages conveyed can be taken on many levels, but I found it be especially pertinent to the present state of affairs under which we are living.
A perfect 10 in every category : the actors, screenplay, directions and set design. This production was simply flawless and captured my imagination in ways that few programs have ever done before. Mesmerizing! As title says, this is by far the best HBO production yet. The series's gives you an unique insight, in what happened in Ukraine 1986, the year when the big accident of Chernobyl took place. In this series, you will follow the persons behind the scenes. Also the day to day life in the USSR.<br/><br/>Do yourself a favour, just watch this series. You will not be disappointed. This was so educational, awareness spreading & much needed portrayal of a globally affecting phenomenon. It's not only about the Chernobyl incident, it's also about the USSR. It's about giving ode to the unsung heroes like Legasov, Boris, the numerous scientists & mineworkers, but also giving nod to the sung but forgotten hero that Gorbachev was behind the scenes, working for the betterment of the state in more ways than portrayed.<br/><br/>I like how none of the scenes feel unnecessary or overdone. Even the firefighter's pregnant wife has a reason to educate the audience in more ways than only being shown as an emotional aspect of the show. I wouldn't say this was the most accurate adaptation of the persons or events, but any major inaccuracies were instantly dissolved with the use of pictorial title cards at the end of the final episode, making the show almost accurate & very much more educational, but at the same time also awe-inspiring on the entertainment front. It also did not drag the show any more than required to more episodes or seasons, it ended where it was needed, making the titular Chernobyl the main focus here. Any events thereafter could be made into a different spin-off show without spoiling this show; somewhat like The Haunting of Hill House.<br/><br/>One more good thing is (although some may disagree), but just like the movie Amadeus, this show too did not waste time on the language accuracy (here, Russian) & being pretentious or confusing with it (given that it's not a Russian show); instead it focussed on the content & hiring good actors on board. If you haven't noticed already, the characters are actually talking, writing, reading, showing texts in Russian, but only the audience is hearing the English language diagetically & non-genetically. That's quite a smart solution! The best ever TV show I have ever seen, thank you HBO for producing this amazing TV show one of the best A tale of heroes and villains, cover ups and whistleblowers. Well acted, great cinematography and truly gripping this mini series taught me a lot about the disaster. Well worth watching. Very powerful account of events.
Best series I've seen for a while Really truly brilliant. Gripping from the start and perfectly acted by all. Reminds me of Schindler's List in a brutal, horrible and moving sort of way. Its the best short series ever seen .. thank u HBO This is the best show ever made. Just watch it, you will not be disappointed. Everything about it is perfect. From the start to the end the story telling is brilliant coupled with casting is right on the spot. This show not only takes you on a historical journey but transport you back in time and understand from the peoples point of view. So many narratives are applicable even in todays world and I believe this is a must watch for everyone... Netflix this is how you make stories...😀 What a masterpiece work done.. need more these type of mini series on various events in history.. will wait for more mini series in future . Due to my parent's stories - this is almost a documentary movie. I can recommend watching for everyone who may think that the Soviet state is something good. Only because of brave people, the world avoided even a bigger tragedy. Every scene was build up perfectly with great script and cinematography, well directed and edited, the actors was really capable to do every parts and they done it really, really well. The settings, cgi and makeup effects also incredible! This show deserve more recognition and awards! Just because it was too short... I think that a show have never impressed me the way as this did. Extraordinary production, script, cinematic, actors and emotions. The director did not miss any detail to explain what really happened and converted the real story into a political, human and scientific drama that has a lot of relevance nowadays.<br/><br/>Pd:. There is a beautiful scene that involves an old woman and a military and is just perfect... wow. (Not like the trash of Aladdin) The story telling of Chernobyl is utterly terrifying and gripping from the very start. The acting is beyond superb and from the very beginning you daren't even turn away from the screen.<br/><br/>A beautiful storytelling of one of the most horrific events in our history.. a look into history that many of us know very little about.<br/><br/>An absolute must see... The horror of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster showed in the best possible way. The politics and lies of USSR costs thousands of lives. One of the best TV Series I have ever seen. The direction, creativity, cinematography, location everything was perfect to every last details. It very much deserves to be the IMDb Top 250 TV #1. That s why im still a alive
This dont need to get a review I have read about Chernobyl's Story.
I have never thought that it was so horrifyn.
Thats a great movie,who show us that reality between book and movie is so different 👍 I simply can say that this series is in every aspect one of the best series I've ever watched!!! Just watch it!!! All I could say after watching 5th episode is "Thank you HBO" for this amazing mini-series.<br/><br/>As a science enthusiast I have learned lot about nuclear physics. I have watched documentary on chernobyl disaster before. I knew it was the fault of the supervisors and their decisions, but this show has shown me much more detail.<br/><br/>I was born in a country which was almost completely built by the Soviet. As growing up our lifestyle was pretty similar to Soviet. So I could say they have done an incredible job creating Soviet Russia.<br/><br/>I know there can't be anything more about chernobyl to continue, but I just want more. This show is so good that you'll watch all 4 episodes in one go and it'll leave you asking for more. Something truly amazing after Breaking Bad has appeared on TV. HBO, you're forgiven for messing up the last season of GOT! MUST WATCH CHERNOBYL MINI TV SERIES! He's the greatest show in 2019 better than breaking bad worst show in history We all know the very rough outline of what happened here. Some know a little more (like myself) who have read a few books on the accident, it's cause and the reaction. This masterpiece however makes you live the human stupidity, the human cost and the human bravery that has not been widely disseminated. I do not know how much this is historically 100% accurate, it feels real, but that doesn't matter because I'm sure the acts of stupidity and bravery that WERE real were just as stupendous, if not more so, than is seen in this truly monumental piece of TV. If you do not watch this you do not deserve a TV! This is the best TV series I've ever seen. HBO should film more in Lithuania I guess Good acting, good shots, good side stories and main story. A must watch Chernobly disaster itself is always interesting and charming topic for me.<br/><br/>This serial is really takes you into the atmosphere of event. It also realistically reflects the Soviet's approach to the disaster and iron curtain era itself. The best. 10 out of 10 Adriano's!<br/><br/>Highly recommended to anyone that loves watching great shows. Not sure what is scarier the disaster itself, or the way of the Russian hierarchy. With quelling of free thought, proliferatiin of lies, and continual oversight through the layers of "minders". The sets, the makeup, the way the story unfolds, is a masterpiece. Sheer brilliance that has me both fascinated and revolted at the same time. Incredible<br/><br/>Visually stunning and very powerful. Highly recommend In one word this show is AMAZING and actually beside that Drama this show Scared me out . No comment...
It was amazing...
Its the best ever...❤ Very Excellent
Very Excellent
Very Excellent
Very Excellent
Very Excellent Highly recommend series the story telling is professional the drama is awesome deserves to be the best of the best series ever This show is too intense for anyone. And how they are depicting the reality there is just brilliant! This series is great so far. I wish it was longer. I don't usually write reviews but I have enjoyed the first few episodes and find myself looking forward to the next.<br/><br/>I hope this TV series continues for a few seasons somehow I lived through this from the USA side of the iron curtain. I wanted to give this a 10 after the first episode, decided to wait to make sure they didn't screw it up. After the second episode I said no, wait for the third, it can't be this good. Just finished watching the third episode. It's that good. I have never given a 10 to anything on imdb and probably never will again. Fiction just isn't this compelling. A friend was in the nuclear power industry during this time and we had long conversations about Chernobyl and various reactor designs. Too bad the entire world was focused on reactors that made weapons material instead of safe power reactors. I iraqi,i was born 1980,in 1986 I heard about this incident and I was shocked by the fact that peace was made on every soul
😔😔 Hi I'm parosh from kurdistan I know a guy from Belarusia and he told me about the Chernobyl accident and I never forgeting that cry when he told me for thousands ppl So I imagine this film will be a reason to unforgetting this dangerous war with home ppl Brilliant scene setting. Doesn't shy away from showing what needs to be shown. I like the fact they did not put on fake Russian accents and decided to keep their own accents and spoke in English apart from the few original Russian recordings they played therefore managed to keep the focus on the event rather than portrayal of people of the area. Don't misunderstand this, the acting is absolutely brilliant!<br/><br/>It's amazing how well it's comes off and conveys the grief this disaster has caused and the real damage it did to nature and humans. Hoping we never have to witness another disaster like this ever again, be it related to a power plant or a nuclear bomb going off. I like it very much I like it very much
I like it very much I like it very much But people are so bad, it's all about politics, and not human life, not to talk about children, they were worried about what will people say. And that will always be our problem, and that will lead as to katastrofy. I have been completely blown away by this program. EVERYONE should watch it....<br/><br/>Even though I was 15 at the time and aware that it was going on, back then news coverage was nothing like it is now. I've spoken to my parents about it, and they remember bits and pieces about it. So as a historical record of a real life events that could have killed over 50 million people, were it not for some very brave individuals, some of whom gave their lives willingly, this is utterly compelling viewing... You will witness the true stories of the heroes of Chernobyl as they fought an unprecedented war against an invisible enemy, even as their own government betrayed them. A story of how a government fails to truly recognise the urgency of a situation that is harming our planet and the people in it also feels timely amid the issue of climate change. It stays true to the story of Chernobyl by not hamming it up with special effects or over the top performances and it's all the more powerful because of it.<br/><br/>Gripping, devastating and truly shocking, 'Chernobyl' is simply necessary viewing.<br/><br/>10/10 Reyt good, this show is proper worth watching, reyt interesting story, some proper nobheads in t'soviet union. The opening is strong and breathtaking.Though the English speaking draws me out of that time,i still consider it the best show this year! I've always been interested in all things Chrenobyl related. There just is something, something that will make your stomach turn inside out, when you think of the terror that these people experienced. Add the Iron Curtain to the mix and the fact that noone had any idea what radiation is. A truly well made miniseries! The clothes, the vehicles and the atmosphere are all there. You feel the pain, the horror. You are there with them! Every person on earth should see this to understand what a nuclear disaster really means. Next one about Fukushima? Mixed emotions. On the one hand, great reconstruction of the Soviet environment of the mid-eighties, great work on the depicting of the disaster, the victims. Unfortunatelly, complete failure on showing the insight of the people, the political affairs etc. Almost childish, unnatural characters. Who could believe that the worst thing about the Chernobyl disaster would be a tv-series about it? If you want a better understanding of the event you better watch the documentaries on YouTube. This film could have been a rich vine, alas, it turned out to be a vinegar. Let's be clear: the acting in this is excellent; the grim portrayal of life in the face of nuclear disaster, while under the tyranny of Communism, is depicted soberly and accurately: petty officialdom, blind obeyance, ineptitude, secrets and lies, and an overwhelming and encumbering State machine that crushes not just the slightest dissent in order to maintain the lie, but crushes individuality itself.<br/><br/>All excellent, but "Chernobyl" is over-long; by at least an hour. They could have done it in 3-4 hours as opposed to 5, and one feels the trend for "binge-worthy" box-sets is demanding producers and writers "stretch-out" shows like this that could easily have been more condensed.<br/><br/>Without adding spoilers, much of the episode 4 footage featuring the young soldier clearing animals felt a bit unnecessary, incongruent and unresolved, for example. They could have chopped some of that out, for sure. The show drags at times, dare I say it, with a couple of the side-plots and such.<br/><br/>Anybody looking for consistent action will be disappointed; as will anybody hoping for vast amounts of gore or overt horror-style scenes. There are a couple, but they are handled tastefully and in concordance with what happened in real-life. This WAS a real-life horror-show but the director has portrayed that horror in such a way as it is not sensationalized, cheap or tacky.<br/><br/>This is a drama: a well acted and shot one that depicts a particular time and place in history very well. It is an effective indictment upon Communism and totalitarianism; today's left-wing millennial's preaching for such in the West would do well to learn something from it.<br/><br/>I can't help but suspect that many have jumped on the hype train and written a review after watching just the (excellent) first episode, though. This is not a near-perfect 9 or 10 for me, but a very good 7.<br/><br/>Worth one's time, but ultimately over-rated. Everything is great but English is not the right language for this. First, kudos to the writers of this miniseries. They've taken a big event and found a way to tell a story of human corruption and sacrifice with a core group of central characters. The production values are great - you really feel like you're looking back at the Soviet Union in the 80s.<br/><br/>However, the description of how a nuclear plant works is sadly lacking. Most of it is stuffed into a long recitation in the last episode ... along with an explanation of the failure. Good luck in understanding it. However, a few minutes on YouTube can answer those questions far better than show did.<br/><br/>But that aside, this is still worthwhile viewing. Perhaps no where else will you get an immediate sense of the scope and scale of the event than in this show. Interesting story, that's why I watched it, but I didn't like it.<br/><br/>Smoke.
Established in Ukraine/Russia , they speak English.<br/><br/>Smoke some more , talk a lot and nothing happens.<br/><br/>Good representation for the victims that's why I rate it 2.
Sorry the bad review. The miniseries is a very good accurate representation of the time and you can understand what the people went through in that time.... However it is extremely distracting that most of the main characters have a strong brittish or american accent.... It does not have to be in russian and ukranian but at least there should be a consistency about the accents but like this it unfortunately destroyed the authenticity of the show...<br/><br/>Still watchable though I love almost everything about this show. The opening scene gave me the same suffocating feeling I felt in "The Lives of Others" which takes place pretty much in the same period.
The writing, the acting, the historical attention to details, the attempt avoiding cultural cliches and stigmas as much as possible are all superb.
There are two issues that bother me though :
-Language - As much as I understand the need to reach the international market, I wish that the TV audience, will start to feel a bit more comfortable with watching a non-speaking English series. It seems that in the Cinema industry (well, outside the US), much more spectators accept today movies with native language scenes or non-speaking languages in general.
With such high production value, I am pretty sure that I would watch the same series if it would have been in Russian and Ukrainian. But I am not sure that in nowadays Russia or Ukraine that could produce such a production.<br/><br/>-Re-writing history in favor of contemporary social movements.
As much the series pays attention to historical accuracy they fabricated a key character in what feels like willingness to be ok with potential criticizers.
Ulana Khomyuk never existed. With some research that I have made about her, I read that a woman her position would have never been able to penetrate into the heart of the communist party in the way that she did in the series.
Emily Watson defended her character by saying that she is a mix of numerous nameless personnel who were involved in this disastrous event.
It sounds like a reasonable explanation, but let's be honest, all the characters in this series are white men. A problem in nowadays reality where social movement among other things, re-write the show business game.
I am all for ethnic diversity and gender diversity, revise recent history and norms that now are finally looked at as they should.
But when it comes to rewriting history, it is crossing a red line in my opinion.
In the early 2000's when cigarettes finally started to lose their glam. In France, the French president wanted to show everyone that his support this important cause by stop smoking (at least publically). Bit by bit, many photos of him were he was holding a cigarette were photoshopped. Since Photoshop wasn't what it is nowadays, he was mocked for the bad execution of those photos. But there is no doubt that by 2010 he could have done it unnoticeable.
Today it is easy to modify photos, videos, facts and the way they cover actuality.
In the Chernobyl, like in every story that is being told, some dramatization had to be done. Fabricating some character is part of this process, but it highly disturbs that me that a key character had to be fabricated because contemporary views say that that there is an equation that must be respected in order to attract a wider audience and spare the studios and showrunner criticism for racism and misogyny.
I think that we should see history as it was for all its beauty and the faults it has.
The lack of such character would have been more effective than having a fabricated one. Because now, people who watch Chernobyl and do not bother to further research will think that Ulana Khomyuk exists which mean that there was a female representation while there was none and nonetheless managed to affect the course of events.<br/><br/>It's a bit a shame, because there is already a real storng female character that recieved a nobel prize for her work about the way Chernobyl affected people lives.
Her name is Lyudmilla Ignatenko.
But the character of Lyudmilla doesn't suit the way that contemporary women should be represented.
She was not a member of the government commission that investigated the causes of the disaster, she did not debrief MikhaÃ¯l Gorbachev in a meeting, she didn't help Valery Legasov avoid a greater catastrophe like Ulana Khomyuk fictional character did.
She was a housewife, probably much less educated from the character of Ulana Khomyuk's.
She lost her husband and lost in the world. And out of the ruins she created something magnificent, important that made her admirable.
We will probably have some extra credits about her aftermath in the last episode but at the moment she splits her screentime with an artificial historical patch that is a syndrome for a wider problem that is happening right now.
The reality is stronger than any fiction and even if you have to some dramatization in order to pace up the plot, do it responsibly and find a smart way to integrate critism and name the nameless who were forgotten along the way. Powerful, disturbing, and brilliantly acted! This is a must see HBO series that is up there with the finest real-life TV dramas out there! Go see it and be shocked to realise what actually happened/is still happening to the people affected by the Chernobyl disaster. Criticism of the English accents in other reviews are fair but it is such an interesting study of what can go wrong Top Down, yes , Soviet style management. We have it here too. I find this to be realistic and very compelling. The dialogue and transitions from scene to scene and their chronology is well done logical. If you watch a mini series and find yourself looking forward to the next episode I'd say it's pretty good. Original , good writing , doesn't follow a formula. It's a super intriguing mysterious subject about which people are captivated by the exotic rarity, so exaggerate the rating. Same would happen if you made a real-feel doco series on the Bermuda Triangle or Area 51. Good but not the best of all time as rating suggest. Bring the average down! Chernobyl is good, but is not a drama or a documentary, its like 50% of both , 0% of one of them. Its very interesting to know what exactly happened, but they got it wrong from the beginning choosing a cast that is not well know but pretty good, Russian mainly, but having the original sound in English, and a character loses a lot of his personality speaking a language so different as Russian and English are. There is no suspense, only facts treated as a drama, but as I said before not like you expect from a miniseries. Despite all this, its great to know how many heroic lives die to minimize the disaster. In my personal opinion, a lot of people rated it very high because of two facts, the reconstruction of the scene and finally showing that the URSS made a big mistake, which some people would find awesome. Thats what all say and give 10/10 for the dramatization of the real events. The directing is bad just jumping between scenes with no actual direction. People think that this was a disaster that was never supposed to happen but really nothing was done well in the plant and the accident was just a matter of time. People are described to be heroic but mostly people cared only about themselves. Also the pacing is very slow and you often feel yourself bored. The series is not bad but not perfecr either. Chernobyl has got the same effect as GoT episode 6, just rate it for the sake of rating. Ok so from the point of view that this is an important piece of history and it's an interesting telling of a tragic event. However, I don't see what all the hype is about. Best thing I can say is that I'm glad they didn't force the actors to put on accents for the parts. Meaning no disrespect to the many who died as a result of the lies and inaction during this event, this mini series bores me. Imo ruined by the British accents!<br/><br/>Watched the first episode, There was one point where the original language was spoken (about 10 mins in) but apart from that, nothing!<br/><br/>Netflix have done a few good foreign ones, it might've been better if they'd have had a go. Interesting but not interesting enough to have me on the edge of my seat, fixated to the screen Riveting and emotional. Shows the problems of how power and lies results in disasters literally. Even though the show itself is great and talks about a lot of themes, the historical inaccuracies that I found after watching it is shocking that they were actually demonising a lot of things that were not nearly as problematic in a specific way that can only be about USSR even though such situations can happen anywhere.
But I can always enjoy the greatness of it along with mentioning that issue. Riveting. Breathtaking. True. Awe-inspiring. Incredible. Dramatic. Well-directed. Good one, enjoyed watching it. it's worth watching. This show has no flaws. It's incredible. The acting, effects, screenplay, dialogues, and especially directing, everything outstanding. I tries to find any mistakes in the show but there is none. After you start watching it, it will finish max 6 hours later but good (Psych! It's actually amazing, I just have to throw the catchphrase in there.)<br/><br/>This show is both fascinating and disturbing at the same time. I was 5 when the Chernobyl disaster happened. I have a vague recollection of seeing it in the news in Brazilian TV, but obviously being 5 I had no idea what any of that meant, I just know it was bad but it was far away so I was safe.<br/><br/>Then life goes on, you know Chernobyl is synonyms with radioactive disaster, but you still have no idea of the magnitude of what happened and of how much worse it could have been. This show throws you right in the middle of it.<br/><br/>As many already said, reality is much scarier than horror movies. What's most horrifying is that humanity didn't learn its lesson. Originally I didn't want to watch this thinking that it would be too depressing and sad. Then I heard someone give it a good review and thought OK I'll try it today and I was hooked. I binge Watched whole season one in one day lol! Super informative about how nuclear reactors work, don't and how the State can distort the truth (specially in Russia) when they don't want to tell the rest of the world about a f-up. What this movie showed me is that it happened in Russia BUT it could've simply happened anywhere there is a lack of understanding, training, $$ and commitment to follow protocol. We are all in awe! Unbelievable details, very few of us knew, about the total destruction of our ecosystem and subsequently our health... speechless! HBO never disappoint me.
Mind-blowing casting, acting.
What else you want#1HBO Well done film, great actors, and pretty close to actual events. Really well done and executed.
Having lived through the event in the 80s it really made me shiver on how they imitated the time's environment in details. As a show... Masterpiece. Amazing cinematography and gr8 cast with amazing acting skills...
The story shockingly sad...
A discrace of human kind The truth will always cost. No matter what the price is, the lies are contrary to the truth. The truth does not care about the government's religious ideology. He will only keep quietly waiting for the centralized government to never hold the people down. The heart of pursuing truth and freedom comes from the sorrow of Chernobyl! This is probably one of the best TV Shows from the past decade, but the tension never builds up far enough to reach its true potential. On the other hand, I really respect that Craig stuck to the facts during the whole series. This obviously makes it more difficult to provide the audience with that "WOW" feeling that one could get when watching a show like GoT. On the other hand it magnifies the horror of the show, fealing real and authentic, and quit frankly like it could have happened yesterday.<br/><br/>It is most definitely the best TV Show I have ever watched that's based on a true story! Near perfect portrayal of the biggest disaster that the mankind has ever seen.<br/><br/>Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard nailed their roles. Intro:<br/><br/>Chernobyl will go down in history as one of the greatest things to hit television screens. Feeling more like a 5 and a half film, rather than a television show, the Chernobyl miniseries is basically perfect. It's a masterpiece of the entertainment industry.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/><br/>I like how the series becomes more chaotic as it goes on. As the Soviet Union loses control of the situation.<br/><br/>The series in this way respects history, mostly keeping true to the events.<br/><br/>The acting is also incredible, and even though the episodes are very long, they are always able to keep me invested in the story.<br/><br/>The cinematography is also stellar, as it looks like a film released in theaters. And the color pallet also gives it a unique look like no other. The style of visuals also matches the time period.<br/><br/>Cons:<br/><br/>Even though the show is well made and well written. It still has some flaws.<br/><br/>Such as the fact that I think the first episode has issues, as I think it's a little too long, and at times dragged out, and even boring. I still thought it was okay, but it didn't hook me.<br/><br/>I also felt the fact that it's a little inconsistent at times, when it came to the language the characters were speaking in. Even though it takes place in the Soviet Union, they all speak English. And while that's not too much of a criticism, when there's a news report being shown, they speak in Russian or Ukrainian. It's just a little inconsistent.<br/><br/>Conclusion:<br/><br/>Though it has some problems, Chernobyl is still an excellent series. It's well made, well written and respectful to history. The series is simply a masterpiece of filmmaking, and a great HBO series. After the final episode I'm here sitting just speechless, tearful and scared.
I'm very thankful to all the people who worked there and helped to save the world safe, when I'm saying people I mean all the coal workers, all pilots, drivers, nurses, doctors, just simple people who didn't know what they were facing but they still helped and did amazing job! thank you again!
Well done HBO A show that really shows a very big side of the disaster you should watch inorder to understand the chernobyl disaster The series shows you the disaster happened at the nuclear power plant due to which many people suffered and many died. But still the people of the country struggles and finally foughts the situation and brings everything at control. On the other hand hats off to the director who actually tried to show the exact thing happened at that time with the real footage and scenarios. Well done and much needed explanation of these events. Thank you for making this film. My thoughts go to all the heroes who sacrificed and suffered to prevent further devastation.
God bless you all. The first three episodes left me speechless for hours just thinking that this is a true story about thirty years back. This series is incredibly thoughtful. Thanks HBO for bringing such story. Worth every minute. The seemingly unbelievable events from the hours before the disaster to the massive "liquidation" efforts to clean up exclusion zone.
Whilst it's brutality makes it difficult watch, it's a story that needed to be told to honour the sacrifices made by all. And in this drama it's been made with such care and attention to detail. It's amazing. It tells the facts in a truthful way, but yet in a spectacular way Difficult to find words to describe this amazing work by certainly an excellent team. Very Gripping yet so simple. Hits both your heart and mind. Makes you think how people and the government can be so casual and inhuman in dealing with disaster of such a scale. A must must watch for everyone Disturbing yet real couldn't recommend enough
Binge watchable An excellent mini-series about one of the greatest human disasters in history. Excellent portrayal of the Soviet system, great visuals that capture the history of the time, exceptional acting, and a truly meaningful resolution. I've enjoyed it. Thanks for the makers and the whole cast and crew. One of the best shows I've ever watched. Learned more about this event just from this show than I ever had before At the beginning of the episode it didn't look good but in the middle of the episode to the end it was great and made me want to know more deeply about chernobyl I just couldnt believe what i was watching, omg.
Chernobyl is a true story told in the truest way imaginable. Everything was perfect about this series.
Watch this is a life experience, i recomend it! One of the bitter truth series. Must Watch. We all should know about the Chernobyl Disaster and the people who made their effort to stop it. The way the entire Chernobyl incident has been recreated Is extremely commendable and is a must watch.! Truly the best tv series I have ever seen, every episode as perfect as the last. I would rate this 11 if i could. Great casting, compelling events, amazing cinematography, i couldn't get enough of it. Hats off to HBO and the cast of Chernobyl. What a story ! I love horror movies, especially supernatural horror films. It's fun to be a little spooked, but they're not actually terrifying, if that makes sense.<br/><br/>This? This is absolutely terrifying.<br/><br/>While some of this is changed for story reasons, the main core of the story is still here, no pun intended. This is something that we absolutely cannot forget, as it's something that can happen again. It may not be exactly the same, but it can happen. The acting and plotting is very well done here and at times you don't know whether to gasp or weep at the knowledge that so many people lost their homes, health, and lives because of Chernobyl. Shows like Chernobyl and Band of Brothers belong on a shelf, to serve as a memory of how horrible humans can be. Many have compared Chernobyl to other great shows like Breaking Bad, The Wire, etc, but I think this is incredibly unfair. Chernobyl deals with actual real life events, so you can't criticize it for having poor characters, or bad decisions, because they were mostly reality. Sure, there are some creative liberties taken, but I'm overlooking that. What matters most in this show is the acting, and the atmosphere. The acting is phenomenal, some of the best that has ever been seen. The atmosphere is horrifying. I'm a huge fan of horror movies, but it's taken me well over a week to watch Chernobyl because of the sheer horror it creates. This show is genuinely terrifying, mostly because it is almost wholly genuine. The scene that stood out the most to me occurs in the 4th episode, towards the end where they're clearing graphite from the roof and the Geiger counters (or dosimeters, I'm not sure) are going crazy. It's such a distinct sound, and it's instantly recognisable. I'm not sure if Renck intended for it to be a horror tv show, but he certainly accomplished this. I think that the only problem i had with this show was that some scenes felt a bit drawn-out, but not enough for it to massively negate all the positive points this show scores. The performances are captivating enough to keep you entertained while they're just discussing something, and Stellan Skarsgard's character (Shcherbina) acts as though he is the viewer, Jared Harris (Legasov) explains certain things to him, like how RBMK reactors work, so the viewer doesn't have to do any research themselves. They explain it in such a way that even a child could understand, and Harris handles these scenes amazingly well. The supporting cast is fantastic as well. Highly recommend this show to anyone.<br/><br/>And to anyone who may be put off by the reviews that some have posted here, do not listen to them. This show is fantastic and you won't regret the measly 5 and a half hours you will spend watching this. This review contains spoilers
This review contains spoilers
This review contains spoilers
This review contains spoilers
This review contains spoilers
This review contains spoilers
This review contains spoilers
This review contains spoilers
This review contains spoilers
This review contains spoilers
Sonny shine is killed by Putin This is a brilliant mini series. Hands down one of the best out there. The story is captivating and shines a light on a harrowing period in soviet history - I learnt a lot. I'm perhaps an exception, but for me if it had been performed by Ukrainian speaking actors it would have felt slightly more authentic - I completely understand why it was done in English, and it was nonetheless faultless, all the actors - many of them recognisable, were fantastic. Best series since forever, informative, dramatic, serious, but still a bit humorous - even though the subject matter is so horrifying, so close in time, so potentially devastating - it brings one to an awe in a philosophical way as well as visual. Great VFX, acting, lighting etc etc. Refreshing! Finally the truth came out.
Legasov became a Martir and together with Boris, scientists team , the 400 miners, the 3 scooba divists and the bio-robots they became heroes.<br/><br/>One of the best tv series ever!
It is horror that they tried to lies and to hide the gravity of the situation . Just finished the 5th and final episode. Probably the scariest thing I have ever seen on screen and in real life. It made me angry , cry, fearful and proud. Not a lot can be added to make people watch this as it's had such an amazing response. The details were unbelievable in the clothes the homes the vehicles, there was one scene where the cars 500 yards down the street were passing a crossroads and they were all vehicles from that period, the production team could have easily avoided such hassle by bring the shot in a little bit but no they went the extra mile to show you the fine details. There are many heroes the world is about to honour properly after this show. This will clear up at upcoming awards shows. Amazing. I think Johan Renck is the one of the greatest directors ever born for the sheer depth of analysis and the brilliance in bringing out the most complex of nuances in human beings who are under such extreme pressure. Firstly, it's almost inconceivable that a western TV show would go this amount of detail authenticity. But, far more importantly the intellectual honesty in how the chernobyl show treats an extremely traumatic event is more than impressive. Trust me, I tried very hard to find the inaccuracies, however minor. Everything and I mean everything has been incredibly authentic. I absorbed so much fear while I was watching the episodes which never happened to me in my entire life. THANK YOU CraigMazin for scripting one of the heart mourning story happened in Ukraine and yeah this miniseries is a master piece 💯👏. The world needs this movie. Everywhere we have a chernobyl nearby. We should have knowledge of nuclear explosion, and perhaps emergency medication in our house.<br/><br/>First episode is boring and the background dull. The second episode turns out a lot more enchanting. The sacrifice of the scientists, coalmine workers, and those fixing the water pipe, makes me think of our medical heroes during SARS.<br/><br/>Many participating should still be alive, perhaps living with cancer? If there is interview with them at the end of episode it will make the drama perfect. Perhaps another series on Japan neclear explosion? By far, one of the best movie I have seen in years ! Everything is amazingly well done: scenario, dialogues, costumes, actors... The mini documentary series shows what happens at Chernobyl the day the nuclear powerplant exploded and the story's are pretty special. It's a well made story where they show a few story's from peoples stories about what happened before and after the explosion we all have heard about. Extremely well made! What viewers need to take away from this show is the fact that any ideology that promotes superiority over others has a systemic flaw built into its core - that it closes a blind eye on its own imperfections that, in the end, serve as its guillotine.<br/><br/>A powerful series that tells a somber story without Hollywood sensationalism. It allows for this truly sensational story to stand on its own two legs and give a credible account of the tragedy. Bravo! It was absolutely breathtaking. Recreating the scene, the Acting , the scientific explanations, most perfectly showing how was the KGB controlled everything. How they hide behind the lies.. Very sad . I was 10 years old when this catastrophe happened, and days passed, when first TV and Radio was talked about what happened. We weren't able to eat from our garden anything, except what was in closed glasshouse....
Once again, well Done HBO and all the cast!!<br/><br/>RIP for all those hero's who sacrificed their life's to stop a much bigger Disaster.. Heart wrenching one. I wished I know more about nuclear physics. 🙏 BEST TV SHOW OF ALL TIME
MASTERPIECE BETTER EVEN FROM GOT Chernobyl is awsome I like the way everything is represented. Good way to pay respect to victoms. Highly recommend watching this.
It's so scary to think this actually happened. Very dramatic, based on real events. A horrifying experience. But amazing production. Best of everything. All around great show just like the band of brothers. It appears my review disappeared or was posted before completion. If it pops up, it's incomplete. If it's lost, I won't rewrite it.
I will simply say that the story of the melt down of the nuclear power plant referred to as Chernobyl and everything that followed is extensively researched, beautifully written and presented, with extraordinary performances by its main characters - Jared Harris, Emily Watson, Stellan Skarsgard (excuse the spelling) and those who played the legion of Russian citizens, a heroic group, presenting the best of Socialism as it describes people genuinely using their unique skills to support each other as human beings, behaving - well, humanely. I await the final episode but wanted to write now after the cumulative effect was breaking my heart. In case I'm totally speechless after the last episode.
Each episode is followed by a podcast which adds immeasurably with additional explanation of what isn't shown in the episode.
I think if you watch it with someone like-minded, it probably is a good idea. This show is a masterpiece! So realistic and breathtaking. I have to pause it during watching just because I need a little time to take a breath and consider what I just saw... Amazing work, great play. Incredible work, capturing the most horrific disaster in history that wasn't showed or spoken of. They meticulously covered every detail of the this event and how it was handled and hidden from the rest of the world, from people, this show also shows the life at that time in Soviet Ukraine. One of the best series of the moment( if not the best)!Great script, great actors, magnificent acting, great subject!GoT eat your hear out!:) I liked this mini TV series so much but I have some serious doubts about historical facts. For instance, at the second episode a helicopter is crashing. Two or three day after April 26th. However the real chopper crash, which was a Mi-8 helicopter, occured in October 2nd. After months of the disaster. So, the facts are not being reflected realistic in the show. It makes people more distrust. This is drama of the highest quality, with acting to match. There are so many events in human history that are seem unbelievable on the surface. True stories that need to be dramatised and brought to a wider audience. The story of Chernobyl is one of them, it tells the story Russian arrogance, ignorance and downright deceitfulness. This is far from a one off event in Soviet history, the more you delve the more you discover. I hope the makers of this mini series make more programs based on historical events. I'd like to see Bhopal, Fukushima and Three Mile Island to name a few. Jared Harris and Adam Nagaitis from The Terror are involved in this absolute horror film, where the monster is looming over everyone in frame and another 100 million people off frame. After binge watching the first two episodes, I started getting a metallic taste in my mouth also and had the urge to seal off all windows. Good thing I didn't have iodine pills at hand to tempt me. This cataclysm precipitated the fall of the USSR along with the whole Eastern block and was a limited manifestation of systemic collapse. I can only imagine how much more vulnerable we are now, since Fukushima showed that all the risks are still there and that natural disasters can easily set off unimaginable horrors. This series is essential viewing. These two episodes is something best what I've seen so far on TV!
Chernobyl is a warning to humanity and we should return to nature energy.
All nuclear power plants should be extinguished... I would shoot a person if I had to watch the killing puppies episode again As i expected, pure propaganda. Can't continue watching it. The acting is decent, but the agenda behind it is what makes most of it irrelevant. USSR was clearly no picnic, bit the way they are presented here is disgusting. For example, the decision to evacuate it did not take this long. In fact the evacuation was ordered as soon as they saw that the high level of radiation can not be contained. Did they try to cover it up? Of course. World powers always try to cover their problems. This never changes. However they did not sacrafice their people for it.<br/><br/>I know i will get a lot of minuses here, i always do when i call out propaganda shows. But don't let that fool you into thinking that this is a documentary. The tragedy is well documeted in this miniseries.<br/><br/>The excessive cigarette smoking and product placement for tobacco companies is distracting and thus outrageous and insulting to the victims of this disaster. This Production is very overhyped and by far not as good as you might think when you are reading the reviews. There are no highlights all- acting, cinematographics and sound are solid but far away from great. My friend, Sergei, wasn't surprised by the revelations because he lived there when it happened, but, he can count on one hand at least 9 inaccuracies. Mini tv series,everything explained in 5 episodes. Good a acting good make up. But in some places between episodes 3,4 boring. My raiting is eight. The first episode is interesting. I remember when this happened very well. The only problem I am having with the show so far is that out of all of the Soviets that I have seen so far, NONE of them have even a hint of a Slavic accent, British all the way. It's not all that hard to take the story of Chernobyl and make it absolutely fascinating. That's exactly why I was a bit disappointed by the series. Some aspects of it were terrific, such as the scenes during the meltdown or scenes involving the viewpoints of first responders. But I couldn't help feeling as though the show was lacking in Russian actors. It just felt as though these actors, all of whom spoke in British accents, were not believable as Russians and therefore the whole show was missing authenticity. Accents ruined this movie from the start. Didn't know Chernobyl was in England fs. First 4 episodes were boring. Last episode was good. Overall trash Chernobyl's portrayal of the nuclear disaster (and radiation danger in general) is nothing less than untruthful. It directly feeds the mainstream belief that anything nuclear energy is some sort of pure evil that will kill millions on a whim, the belief that Chernobyl killed "hundreds of thousands", when modern studies show that it can only have killed dozens at most.<br/><br/>This is not due to some Star-Wars-esque disinterest in physics. No, the lengths to which the show makers go to mis-portray radiation include making up hundreds of deaths that never happened, and showcasing radiation as a magical force that instantly melts people's face off, all for the sake of creating more drama. Even a cursory internet search could have enlightened them on the details of how, for example, no one on the famous bridge died to radiation poisoning, but the show makers must have deliberately chosen to enter the realm of fantasy and kill people off who suffered no ill effects in real life.<br/><br/>The show is expertly shot, the acting is superb, and the tension is good. But to watch it felt like a promotional video for Greenpeace: a fancy video, filled with misleading factoids and outright lies. For all its craftiness, still no more than an insult to watch. Five Stars. The film is very good visually. And this is the other side of the coin. Because the plot of this series makes you think of people as Martians. Everyone goes to work drunk, the bosses are trying to prove to people that they are bosses. I have been in different countries, and have never seen people communicate like this. Simply, in my opinion, the screenwriter has never seen a working team. And, as a result, the plot of the series should be called, only, the inner world of the screenwriter.
On the basis of such a loud catastrophe and with such a high-quality image of the film, all that the screenwriter could do was showing us the people who escaped from the mental hospital.
I don't know if it is necessary to say that at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant, as well as throughout the world at a nuclear power plant, all employees were and are with higher education, at least. These people knew their work very well, and in the first days they were engaged in eliminating the consequences, they all knew what they were going for. And the feat that they accomplished can be made only by those who trust in their state, who know about the quality of local medicine and the quality of the structure of society.
It remains beyond my understanding, as a scriptwriter for all the time of his work, it did not conclude that the quality of a person depends only on his education.
I am personally disappointed that instead of motivating humankind to education, the filmmakers, on the contrary, push people away from development.
And finally, I am genuinely fascinated by the work of the operators and the director and the whole team, how detailed is the picture of those days. It is necessary to watch this series in order to understand how one person can spoil such a serious picture. A brilliantly delivered documentary with eye opening facts, as it once again stated "Heroes who have delivered at the need of hour to control the Chernobyl Nuclear disasters are forgotten and died unknowingly" like Valery Legasov.
If you flight with State , then they will bury you alive. Amazing series tv very amazing
All episodes are fantastic Wonderful writing and an important story. At times it's a hard watch but the performances are exceptional and the story is brilliantly written. Beautifully shot too. This shaw is awesome one thing though ithink the hero of this shaw is DYATLOV!!! What if dyatlof knew about the wrong Design in the reactor that leaded to the explosion that he knew it all from the beginning and he gave all orders to his assistants to stop the lies To shaw the truth. Just think about it........ Dont take me wrong this is a really good series and i enjoyd watching it. But would i re-watch again? No. Would you rewatch it again?<br/><br/>This is not the best show ever made and its not a 9,6/10.. its at best and 8. And 8 is really good. But 10/10 would mean ''out of this world''. Wich it is not. Got season 1-4.. thats a 10/10. I could watch that show from season1-7 over and over again. I would never want to sit and watch this over and over again. So thats why for me its an 8/10. Some episode kind of slow and some times are quiet Watch and enjoy! And don't forget to buy iodine. And is a spoiler with I tell you that the reactor is exposed? I did not know a lot about the events of Chernobyl prior to watching the show. The only reference I had heard of regarding the subject was in the fifth Die Hard movie. So when I started watching I was shocked by the consequences and ramifications.<br/><br/>The show includes multiple narratives seen through the government as well as citizens. The show is able to display what happens to multiple different characters before, during, and after the explosion. There is a lot of tension between the gov. and the people after the truth of what actually happened that caused the nuclear disaster that Chernobyl was. Going into more will be going into spoilers so I must move on. However, I found that the show appeared to be an examination on the Soviet Union and how Chernobyl led to its downfall.<br/><br/>The acting is absolutely amazing in this tv show. Stellan Skarsgard is amazing as always as a hard ass Russian named Boris Shcherbina and his character develops over the course of the show even though it is only five episodes. Also, Jared Harris and Emily Watson play very important and crucial roles with their characters Valery Legasov and Ulana Khomyuk. Valery Legasov is the conscience of the show. He is most determined to do the right thing, but he is torn between his patriotic duty as well as the safety of the citizens of the Soviet Union. Ulana Khomyuk is the voice of reason and wants the truth to be said, while Boris Shcherbina wants Valery Legasov to keep the truth hidden.<br/><br/>Completely different subject, but the scenery and the shots throughout the show are stunning and amazing. The buildings and apartments all look like they are from the Soviet era because of how run down they are. These shots of buildings helps the show feel real and factual with the story that they are telling. The show is amazing at building tension and as an audience member, it feels as if you are actually there with them, not just watching these atrocities and horrors.<br/><br/>Lastly, please watch the show! The show, in my opinion, does not deserve the title of best tv show on IMDB but it is a very good show and worth watching. Please watch the show! I finished the last episode of the docudrama "Chernobyl." This is a masterpiece of docudrama excellence. I urge everyone to see it not for its indictment of nuclear power but most especially its indictment of lies told by the state to assuage the guilt of a powerful few. Lies, in the final analysis, were responsible for the massive death count of Chernobyl.<br/><br/>I emphatically recommend it to Donald Trump who knows how to tell a lie. This will tell him the cost of lies. The cost is enormous. The truth no matter how difficult must be told not only because it is ethical and right but because the truth saves lives! This is the best of year think you very much for this jop Great performance and endurance ! It provides reality the way it really was... You wouldn't want to breathe the air, drink the water, eat the food like it is said in the show itself while watching it. I already feel it contaminated in India. Breathtaking show and incredible work out in my the whole team. Historically accurate and good acting. But i cant get over russians speaking english with scottish, american and british accents, its so weird. Narcos did it, there is no excuse for hbo.<br/><br/>6 out of 10 is more than fair so far.. So I watched every episode of Chernobyl.. It seemed the only good-natured character was the woman. Turns out she was fictionalized to "present the story", when in reality it was the male nuclear physicist who fulfilled his role - and hers (as she did not exist, and it was him in totality). Can we get a story/show with a strong female character with deeds of her own? If you want to empower women, show us stories with the deeds of real women that have made real changes to the fabric of our existence instead of presenting falsehoods and laying out the fine print to cover your ass in the last episode. What a great show, but overshadowed by the build up of such a strong female lead with her complete destruction in the printed summary before the credits! I LIKE IT . I REALLY DID , BUT IT'S NOT AS GOOD AS PEOPLE SAY It's a good watch if you're stuck on finding a new series late at night. But would not call it anywhere near a 9.7 out of 10 Watched the first episode and I'm not impressed. The show seems to slowly build an atmosphere that's dark and harrowing. But the characters seems as if they were pulled off a supermarket shelf. None were remotely compelling.<br/><br/>If you want to learn about the accident it's probably a lot more time efficient to look up Wikipedia. And if you want drama you can just pick one of many other shows that are actually compelling to watch. I had given it 8 or 9 stars if the whole experience didn't feel so odd. Of course I know about the American obsession with accents. Anything older than 200 years or from a fantasy or fairy tale has to have an English, Australian, or Irish accent, for whatever reason. That's very nice for actors of those countries, who are much more in demand than they would be otherwise.<br/><br/>BUT COME ON: Hundreds of Russians, all with distinguished English accents? I thought for stretches that I was watching an 80s BBC series set in Birmingham or Wolverhampton. Partly it was really comical. Not to speak about my Russian girlfriend who couldn't stop laughing about the various English accents which came virtually from everywhere and everyone. Indeed she would have preferred all actors to fake a Russian accent instead of being "so English" - me too. But at least she confirmed that the written Russian was mostly correct, although simplified and sometimes redundant. Simple plot carried out most by good characterizations. followed from first to finish. a better story than GoT. I don't know the true story behind the incident we only believe what the media shows us. Well, comparing to others its just over rated. The English accents don't work. If you're going to speak English, at least try for Russian accents This is an amazing show, well written, well acted and a very gripping tale, watched four episodes in a row it was that good. My only complaint is it has been heavily fictionalised (one of the main characters never even existed) and if they were going to base it of a real event they could probably have told the true story and made it just as good if not better (due to the increased realism). Sad story and humans have no reason to mess with fussion. Never again. This is an eye opener See all other reviews. Varying Scouse and Midland accents slightly spoils the atmosphere Very well done !! Amazing mini series! HBO never lets me down! The series does a lot of things right and manages to capture the viewer with a plot that's already gone down in history. The progression of plot and photography are both on point, but there are some oversights and errors, so in the end this show is above average, not a 10-out-of-10 masterpiece.<br/><br/>The story obviously takes place in the former Soviet Union, but everyone speaks English. That would be fine if it was all English throughout, however Russian is used at times. Also the British accent is odd, especially since some characters have a strong Russian accent.<br/><br/>There also are some poorly used stylistic devices, such as the General and the Scientist standing on top of a building's roof to watch the evacuation, and continuity errors such as the workers' flashlights stopping to function at the end of one episode as a cliffhanger, but being operational without explanation in the next episode.
Furthermore, some scenes with CGI look funny (poor color grading, unrealistic smoke effects) and personally, I'm not a huge fan of constant mumbling within dialogue.<br/><br/>These are minor annoyances, but they stand out so much because if it weren't for those, this show really had the potential to become a 10-out-of-10 timeless masterpiece. I wanted to watch this series out of curiosity about the subject.
I don't know much about the real story, or if it's even clear what happened.
But I found an excellent show in every way.
Beautifully shoot, excellent atmosphere and design research, great acting, very well paced and shows a good display of the horrors and consequences of such a disaster, that for one or another reason I never got to know much about.
Great show, highly recommended. The settings, dialogue and tone of this program is reminiscent of a dark science fiction piece, but it's a real event that happened in most people's lifetime.<br/><br/>Well acted and an exceptional recreation of 1980's Soviet Union, you get lost in this foreign sad world. This show should've had an extra column to give more stars than just 10. Coz nothing.... NOTHING in this show was out of place or done wrongly. All the actors did a PERFECT job in their characters and presented the truth about Chernobyl in the best possible way. The show in just 5 eposides describes Humans in the best possible way... There were many who showed Selfishness, Ego and down right greed, callousness, irresponsibility and carelessness.... But,there were hundreds who went above and beyond for their country, its people and just for humanity....without consideration even for their lives.
What a web series.... Thank you #Hotstar... I have given many series 10 stars... But this is the only series i wish i could go above and beyond 10 stars for. I was very suspicious because of the high rating and only 3 episodes in, but to my surprise it's actually an amazing series! Only wish they would speak Ukrainian and Russian instead of English, but thank god at least that they don't speak English with a stupid fake Russian accent. Wow. Only 2 episode so far, but amazing show. Well done.
I was 24y old when it happened. It was serious, but a world away behind the secretive USSR during the Cold Was. I did not know it came so close to destroying Eastern Europe.
We need more shows like this. Simple, well done.
1 complaint: The female nuclear physicist: Although the show writer explains that she represents a fictional almagamation of several hundred scientists, the powerful soviet men of that era would not have let her in the room, let alone take her sole opinion as gospel. Today, yes. 1986 Russia? No. So historical mistake, rewriting history to appease SJWs. Great serie! Only thing to whine about is that they speak english instead of Russia, but that's fine by me! 10/10 It's very serviceable for a TV drama, but the British accents are unforgivable. A documentary would be a better watch. Epic disaster. Unbelievable!!!
How's this at 9.4 rating.
Except acting n cinematography nothing.
2 stars for Acting & 2 for cinematography. I really much enjoyed this, even there were some unconvincing parts (e.g. "why would we need iodine"). I even believed the main story, even it was much more scary than what we learned in school and what I have read.<br/><br/>There was a great article in a biggest Finnish newspaper Helsingin Sanomat that told how false the plot was. There were exaggeration and even rumors presented in small and big things.<br/><br/>You should enjoy this as entertainment, not as historical lesson. The production is very good, but overall, the speeches and reactions of the cast are a bit melodramatic, considering no one was assiduously taking notes of what the Soviet party leaders and nuclear engineers and scientists said and did in those first, chaotic hours.<br/><br/>Jared Harris, Emily Watson, Stellan SkarsgÃ¥rd, and others are quite good (as usual), but *all* the actors speak with British accents (some of which are very strong), yet any pre-recorded messages are in Russian (some without subtitles). This only serves to remind you (for good or ill) that you're not watching a Russian (or even a joint Russian-British) production.<br/><br/>Still, for those of us who "lived through" the uncertainty in the days and weeks after the event, this is an interesting look at what might have happened (for the most part), even though it's sometimes over-played. A mostly accurate story marred by some truly awful acting at times. It's interesting enough even if it does sometimes bend the truth and choose to follow the well disputed path.<br/><br/>Con O'neill's Pantomime villain, Bryukhanov belongs in a school production and Jared Harris' character is unbelievably boring. But, Jessie Buckley, Stellen Skarsgard and to a lesser extent, Emily Watson do a decent job.<br/><br/>Some of the CGI is good, some is terrible.<br/><br/>It's a reasonably good program, but it's not as endearing as band of brothers, ironically less believable than a Game of Thrones and less politically interesting than Boardwalk empire.<br/><br/>Despite it being one of the most scary and fascinating moments in human history, no one will remember this series in 5 years. A lot of lies, a very stupid series, cranberries and nothing else, the rating should be no higher than 5 stars Too boring. interesting but slow and lacking in surprises (1 viewing) If you remember The Producers, there was a crackpot Nazi who wrote "Springtime for Hitler". When the audience responded with uproarious laughter, the Nazi was outraged at the disrespect. That's what the low scores remind me of. Crackpots! To those squawking about the language, the movie is aimed at English speakers. What the heck are they supposed to be speaking?<br/><br/>If anyone knows Kafka, then you know the Soviet system as depicted here is straight out of Kafka.<br/><br/>I've seen many, many docudramas, and this one is just about perfect. Those who pan it reveal something about themselves. It gives the impression that you have experienced this radioactive nightmare. The most surprising thing was how much worse it could have been without the heroism and sacrifice of so many. The Soviet government seemed less threatening and dictatorial than most movies about the USSR. The KGB looked more like the CIA incompetent but vindictive shadow government we're familiar with, which seemed realistic. I'm knocking off a stars for a few reasons: radiation poisoning isn't contagious, an that was just silly. Also, we didn't need to spend so much time dog hunting. I know it must have been heartbreaking, but we could have got the point in a minute or two.<br/><br/>I am laughing at all you one-note NPCs who think this story has anything to do Climate Change (or is it still Global Warming)? It was a radiation disaster, and a real one. I don't know if Dyatlov book about Chernobyl translated in english but it is available in russian<br/><br/>He was in jail for 3 years instead of 10.<br/><br/>He offered other version of the events.<br/><br/>Key difference Dyatlov blamed reactor design and soviet system.
And Sherbina , Legasov, etc they blamed operators.<br/><br/>Fact is Legasov informed international community disaster was caused by opetators wrong actions. That was official ussr position.
That was a lie.<br/><br/>
P.s. i was born and lived in donetsk region before 2014 war. There were 3 coal mines in my town. It is unhealthy job. Soviet and post soviet miners look different not like they are portrayed in series This is not the best TV show ever created, so dont waste your time wondering if it is. Instead, spend your time watching this jaw-dropping show and remembering that its based on a true story, that something so harrowing and horrendous actually occured, not long ago, on this green earth.<br/><br/>The show is beautiful within its horror, the pacing, immaculate. Although the first episode will no doubt leave you wondering if your watching the same show thats being rated at 9.7, by the end of episode 2, you will realise why some have overrated it so highly within the excitement.<br/><br/>One flaw that the show produces is the character invention of Ulana Khomyuk (played by Emily Watson) which lets the show down. With a show based on a true story, this character was not needed, not even in 2019 when women are being forced upon shows and movies for the sake of not causing outcry by modern people who are insecure.<br/><br/>Other than that, this show is amazing and very much worthy of its praise...just not 9.7 worthy. This movie is awesome. This movie is really awesome "The Truth doesn't care about our needs or wants. It doesn't care about our governments, our ideologies, our religions. It will lie in wait for all time. And this, at last, is the gifts of Chernobyl"<br/><br/>Valery Legasov quote of the series which describes what a solid portion of the feature is about. The destruction caused by lies.<br/><br/>Ironically, this didn't dissuade the producers of this series from exaggerating, sensationalizing, and flat out lying about the events of Chernobyl.
The level of inaccuracies and regarding radiation and it's lethality and spread are exaggerated to an insane degree. (Read one of the dozens of articles about it, I preferred the two by Forbes.)
Hopefully, people will research the real history and learn about one of the safest form of energy production.<br/><br/>While I cannot speak to the historical accuracy of the costumes or culture, the characterization of radiation makes this borderline propaganda. Soviet Russia would be proud.<br/><br/>Side note: Look into the recent wildlife resurgence in and around Chernobyl. Groups of mammals have returned in abundance, including elk and wolves.
(as seen on Our Planet: Episode 8 I believe) After watching these great 5 episodes, i felt satisfied with the ending, but in my opinion the last episode didn't deserve 10! The previous episodes were better!.
The acting was perfect. Great actors for the roles.
Yet doesn't deserve to be the best. Extremely well produced and captures the terrifying affects of nuclear disasters, specifically of course - Chernobyl. The show does draw you in and makes you think hard about the catastrophe and the damage it did, at times has great suspense and the dialogue grips you. However a good 50% is rather slow and dull, could have been better, perhaps under budgeted in the first few episodes, wished to see more of the core and the damage inside.<br/><br/>As far as TV goes, 4 episodes into a mini series of this kind does not warrant the top spot for best TV show of all time, unsure on how IMDb's rating system works, ie - Game of Thrones now averaging a 9.4 based on 1.5M+ reviews, yet has 6th place, Chernobyl - 9.7 based on only 90k reviews? The math doesn't make sense. OK before you get the beating stick out and start waving it about my head just let me get my 10 pence said first.
Firstly 6/10 based on a few reasons, it was difficult to follow the names of people significantly involved, more use of their names would have been better to make the ending more understandable.
Secondly it has Martin from Friday night dinner in as one of the main suspects, I couldn't take anything seriously without thinking to myself the common phrase of "Martin for christ sake put a shirt on we have guests" and also the druggie lad from skins!! This made the story a little less dramatic for me personally. Both fantastic actors but didn't have the "real" factor about it from episode one onwards.
Lastly it wasn't long enough, I wanted to see more about the famalies that refused to stay, the tomb and the elephants foot..<br/><br/>All in all a good series, however could have been better. I would recommend to a friend, however "for christ sake Jackie ill put a blood shirt on" This is a really well made mini series, i really like the filters and the quality feel of this show. I think they did well to try and capture some parts of Soviet life. And as great as it is, I feel it's missing a big piece, Russian language and Russian actors, I think I would have enjoyed his movie more even with subtitles however it would never have reached the audience it has if it was not English.<br/><br/>It may seem a little slow to start but get through the first hour and you will want to know how it all ends This is a well written,well-acted and beautifully shot drama and one that would ring a bell in every one concerned with the planet.
Not sure it deserves a 9.3 grade but certainly in the 8-9 region.
Thank you also for a succinct look at the tragedy! Plot:
The miniseries is based on the chernobyl nuclear disaster that occurred on 26th April, 1986.<br/><br/>Characters:
Considering the plot is based on a real life incident, we see ourselves feeling more connection with the characters. It's breath taking even to a point to imagine about the disaster. I'd say that bringing the fictional character, Ulana Khomyuk into the series made the screenplay more linear.<br/><br/>Verdict : 5/5<br/><br/>Technical Aspects:
The way of film making, the color contrast, the dialogues, the special sounds, the background music were all excellent. Every fine work is appreciated.<br/><br/>Verdict : 5/5<br/><br/>Genre :
Historical Drama. The film satisfies it Genre to a point. It offers what it mentions. Still, it could have been trimmed down to a three part miniseries. The series was very boring at times that your eyes are struggling to sleep. Entire series was dependent on the first and fifth episode, where the other three episodes accounted details of the transition leisurely.<br/><br/>Verdict : 2.5/5<br/><br/>Conclusion:
Overall, Chernobyl stands out more than a historical Drama. It has once again reminded the Human race from it's history itself of how can dirty politics create a catastrophe that no one would dare to imagine.<br/><br/>Overall Verdict : 8.3/10 What a fantastic miniseries this was. Such a shame that it was only 5 episodes, they could have done a lot more but overall it was very well written. I prefer the Band of Brothers series in regards to historical events and use that as the standard. Well done HBO. I must say I was sceptical at first, but after watching the final episode everything was pulled together nicely.<br/><br/>Fantastic acting and cinematography, but slightly let down for me by the lack of russian accents/speakers & the lack of focus on the plights of those poor souls who gave their life to save their country & continent.<br/><br/>But a Big BUT: This series is NOT as good as Band of Brothers - they are simply incomparable.<br/><br/>Band of Brothers tells the story of possibly the most harrowing time in all of human history, and is told with the same fantastic acting & cinematography that Chernobyl was.<br/><br/>This is a fantastic mini-series, but it is NOT as good as Band of Brothers - which is the best ever.<br/><br/>Nothing I have ever seen (on film) can compare to the emotional brutality of Episodes 7, 8 and 9 of Band of Brothers (Bastogne, The Breaking Point, and The Last Patrol). I cannot bear watching episode 9 ever again - it is utterly heartbreaking, sickening, and gut-wrenching to see what the Nazi's did to the Jews.<br/><br/>I will quote a WW2 veteran (arjay24 - now 95 if alive) who reviewed Band of Brothers in 2004:
"I am an 80 year old combat veteran (88th Inf. Div. Italy).<br/><br/>I watched BOB on the History Channel. I was so overwhelmed, indeed a bit
panicked by the authentic nature of 90+% of the uniforms, signs, noises (I take
exception to the sound of incoming artillery).<br/><br/>I cried several times at the authentic staging - for them and me. I cannot believe I'll
watch it again. It's too much. Too real." Whilst the production value, shot composition, score and the context of these real life events deliver an oppressive tone that captures the surreal horror of the Chernobyl disaster. It has an attention to detail that almost achieves a seamless experience of the disaster; which only proceeds to highlight the baffling choice to actors with English accents, the whole thing begins to add a Horrible Histories, or Death of Stalin, sketch feel to these otherwise tragic events at times. GghhhggxdgcfycfuvxfugccghvhhvccvvcchvcchcccgfgCcgccggc For the time being, its just not doing it for me. then again, it does still have alot left in it and Im expecting alot more but for the time being, not doing it for me. Ive always loved things like this especially shows that show relation to some sort of historical event, in this the incident of Chernobyl. The show is still in its early days so we'll see what happens when everything is laid out. Started out well but kind of fizzled out in the last couple of episodes. Maybe if they were to do it like Netflix does their series and RELEASE THE WHOLE SERIES AT ONE TIME PLEASE! Still, its a good series but could have been better Good series , but it is not for 10 , maybe later in second season . Hello! This serial is cool! But plastic windows... vinil windows in 1986... Its not true... And window blinds... Im from Ukraine... and i know a lot about Chernobyl... this moments make me crazy!! I thing you should pay more attention for the details... Thanks! And sorry for my English) Soo soo sooo beautiful one 😍 I like it
Its so hard what happend there not just for them , for humanity💔 This is a fantastic series, very gripping. But why the British accents? It is correctly to spell ChOrnobyl as this is a correct name of Ukrainian town which is not far from Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. The HBO show is more than TV show, this is a story about the catastrophe which became a tragedy for millions of people. I really don't understand all this hype.
A thumbs up for the authenticity, yes, but except for the last episode, which was REALLY good, the first 4 episodes are nothing of that special. Wonderful and very great and His story is beautiful He ruins any film he's in. He can be fine if he speaks his mother tongue but any English makes me cringe and wince out of my skin.
Who the hell are the people giving him roles to play, it's disgusting!<br/><br/>Still, this series is very well made. Though in the episode with soldiers firing rifles there's no recoil and I lose immersion by that every time it happens in movies Yes it is good yet not the best. Regardless of how serious and disastrous the events that followed the chernobyl nuclear explosion, yet the vividness of reality makes it hard for me to feel a fiction work. Great background music and a great story, also the characters are doing their job quit good I thought the cold war was over and there would be no more propaganda. but I was wrong.
I saw nothing more offensive to me as the son of the "liquidator of the consequences of the Chernobyl accident".
it's just a spit in the face ... Excellent directing, acting, true story with good story line.<br/><br/>Still, over rated and I believe people are just following the hype with over rating this.<br/><br/>However, this came up in the right timing and makes us forgive HBO about what they did with game of thrones. It's absolutely a great show but I don't think it deserves to be with the top 10 tv shows on IMDB The series portrays Ukraine well in the 1980s and the Chernobyl disaster as well as its causes and effects.<br/><br/>But was it really necessary to add a fictional female scientist who played the role of a Paladin of Justice? Having had Chernobyl recommended to me by various people, I watched it over 2 nights. I found the first 2 episodes quite slow. The story seemed to be played out rather dourly. Visually, the show was faultless but it lacked something. The casting was a bit jarring, having actors with various accents. A good solid show, but the best ever? I don't think so. It is simply unbelievable that the nuclear institute in Kiev did not record a large increase in radioactive radiation, and it is only 100 km from Pripyat. At the same time, the institute in Minsk, which is 300 km away, is witnessing a huge increase in radioactive radiation. Hi, I think it is very viral series. Some people is exaggerate this series, I guess they are Russian and Ukrainian people because this series about the their history so they couldn't look objective.<br/><br/>This series very dramatic and realitic but some episodes are very boring. It must be documentary as a category. I watched the episode that was on last night where the miners are digging to get underneath to install some kind of heat manager - I'm sorry, I can't tell you exactly what it was. The actors were all whispering and croaking with some kind of radioactive fry in the voice. WTF. Mostly unwatchable in its current state. Too bad, as it could have been very interesting. If you think you are too comfortable, too optimistic or happy, this new HBO series is just the cure you need. We know the Chernobyl accident was bad, but this puts the viewer awfully close to the graphic horror, the vomit and radiation burns, the denial of the core explosion, and lots of sickening detail. Best not to watch just before sleep.<br/><br/>I cannot advise anyone to watch "Chernobyl", unless you have an appetite for this kind of bleak horror, or perhaps appreciate the better made series like this one, regardless the theme or atmosphere. Yes I'm one of those. I paused the first episode several times when I got too uncomfortable. Enjoy.<br/><br/>I gave it 8 stars. The language should have been Russian. Now, Russians will have to do a voice-over in Russian, hah that will be fun to watch. I've seen many documentaries about chernobyl and these series showed me nothing new. On the other hand this is series and not a documentary, which means it's acted and shot. I'll admit it is very high quality, the editing, the music, the settings were on spot. If this is the first footage you watch about the events of chernobyl, this is a good start. Besides a fictional female character all main characters portrayed were/are real. A great fictional account on film of the biggest nuclear disaster mankind has ever caused. Overall, the mini-series covers the events well enough and captures the important moments of the Chernobyl disaster. However, the british actors struggling to call each other by Russian names kind of ruined the mood for me. Some of the characters seem exaggerated, to make it more appealing to the larger public, I guess, but it didn't particularly appeal to me. The cast was great and the cinematography was good, but I hated two major things about it.
First, the British actors speeking with their British accents, it felt a lot more like a documentary reenactment and didn't put the viewer in an authentic atmosphere (I can't imagine Ukranians speeking with a perfect British accent).
Second, the main explosion and meltdown scenes were supposed to be spectacular, they looked like a low budget production work.
The potential was high and my expectations were even higher, but i was disappointed after watching it. Look it up. Unfortunately the producers went for sensationalism on the scientific effects of the disaster when the true social effects were dramatic enough.
The scientific reality is still disturbing but nothing like what's depicted in the series.
I'm glad I live in a country with no nuclear power but am sick of portrayals of real events using fabricated science to elicit fear.
Still gave it 7/10 for the drama, 2/10 for the science.
Also visits by tourists to Chernobyl and Pripyat have been allowed since 2010 and there are permanent residents in some of the homes...... I found the series informative and a couple of good moments but it's very very overrated .<br/><br/>. Good acting and very Emotional Scenes<br/><br/>. I think it should have been a movie or a documentary , feels really dragged out and some episodes are really slow .<br/><br/>
Very overrated , by no means this is a 9.4 rating show It's more like a 7.8 Yes, this long film looks good and sounds good and is full of great actors and tense storytelling. Could be awesome- as awesome a thing about thousands of dying people can be.<br/><br/>But it does the one thing: it is so full of anti sowjet propaganda that it hurts the story. Beating a dead horse... why?
Red heat is a better and fair film than this. Evil Wodka addicted child eaters versus good people. The evil Ivan.<br/><br/>I am sick of this. It is politically and artistically wrong. Typical Cold-war attitude could be seen in here.
But I'm very inclined to see a western-bias here.
Every-single-thing in the documentary is mocking either Soviet or socialism.
I one hundred percent believe that they must be the one to blame here for the tragedy.<br/><br/>But so hard to believe the irresponsibility, and so stupidity shown here questions their legitimately at being scientist.<br/><br/>Well, 'men' are stupid anyway.<br/><br/>And if all these are so true, then couldn't better explain the stupidity of Cold-War and atrocious acts done by 'both sides'. All that needs to be said: this series is absolutely incredible, and is a must-watch for all people. Very best depicted TV Mini Series about incident/accident happen in Russia or say USSR. Mind blowing, acting is almost real. Story is told in the clearest way possible!<br/><br/>Good job. H.B.O. 5 part limited series Chernobyl my Rating 10/10<br/><br/>No wonder this series won best 2 Golden Globes Winner (2020)
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television and Golden Globe Winner(2020) and<br/><br/>Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television.<br/><br/>It's very disturbing but compelling to watch ,even more than 1917 because this man made disaster at Chernobyl occurred only 33 years ago and it could have happened anywhere on earth that had a Nuclear Power plant as we saw in 2011 at Fukshima Japan.<br/><br/>The production and sets are extraordinary real and frightening I'd love to see Chernobyl on a Cinema screen. All the performances are superb ,how they chose who would be nominated for awards must have been an incredibly difficult decision as there are so many great performances.<br/><br/>Emily Watson character is fictional but so effective as Ulana Khomyuk a Soviet nuclear physicist searching for truth . Emily Watson gives one of her greatest performances and Jared Harris (son of Richard Harris) is also superb as Valery Legasov .the chief of the commission investigating the Chernobyl disaster both deservedly were nominated for Golden Globe awards.
Stellan Starsgaård as Boris Yevdokimovich Shcherbina who was a Soviet politician who served as a vice-chairman of the Council of Ministers deservedly won his Golden Globe but all the principles in this fantastic series deserved wins including Jesse<br/><br/>Buckley as Lyudmilla the wife of a fireman who was called out to fight the fire at the plant when the disaster first occurred.<br/><br/>The musical score must be mentioned it's wonderfully effective to record a unique score for the show, composer Hildur Guðnadóttir went to the decommissioned power plant Ignalina in Lithuania, where a lot of the show was filmed, to record unique ambient sounds with the help of sound recording specialist Chris Watson and score producer Sam Slater. Then, back in the studio they listened to hours of recordings, sampling sounds from them. She composed most of the music for the show's soundtrack from those recordings.<br/><br/>This is Television drama at its best doing what quality television does best to produce extended series made for the television screen not Movies that get a one month Cinema screening to qualify for Cinema awards then be streamed on what ever streaming channel has produced it.<br/><br/>The last lines and end credits which tell us the ongoing story of the characters are so moving and the simple line said by Jared Harris in conclusion "Where I once would fear the cost of truth ,now I only fear the cost of lies " could very easily apply today when Governments, Politicians and CEO's ignore the science of Global Warming and media moguls print Lies and deception to counter argue the facts that we are contributing to another disaster far worse than Chernobyl.<br/><br/>This is the best television drama I've seen in decades. This 2019 miniseries drama tells about the disastrous, Chernobyl Power Plant explosion that occurred in the spring of 1986 in Russia. Jared Harris, Stellan Skarsgard and Emily Watson are featured as scientists/specialists trying to investigate and contain the problem before most of Russia's continents are infected by the radiation that's in the air. This is a devastating story with tense and dramatic moments featuring a good cast. I was only 6 that year, but now know the nightmare that unfolded and the selfish attempt by some to cover it up. I recommend this Perfect serious about how people can be so reckless and goofy and create world catastrophe. This is well acted, faithful, and just overall extremely well executed. Nothing breaks the believably that you are reliving this mess. The acting is on point the entire time. It never falters. Event the side characters are shot and written in a way that just lets them succeed at their roles. Also this series is quite educational. It is amazing how close this was to killing more people than WWI / WWII combined. It would have been the biggest man made catastrophe of all time. A lot of brave people willing to destroy their lives for the common good (and communist bullying occasionally) are the only reason that Ukraine is an inhabitable area to this day. If you get the opportunity to watch this, do it. I have come across the series name many a times since it was released and i regret now y i haven't watched it wen i first saw it. Kudos to Chernobyl team for getting every part of it exactly the way it shud be. Telling actual story that too failure of a country is not an easy task but Chernobyl is exceptional. This story gonna remain with me forever.<br/><br/>But wat stirred me was the treatment given to comarade Valery post nuclear reaction stability. He was the one responsible for bringing back the situation to normal but so called seniors of country wanted him to be forgotten. So sad but true. Sometimes facts r so hard to digest..... I had no idea just how close we came to vast destruction of a continent. Haven't seen all episodes yet but awsome so far!
Exciting from the first minute and very well performed all the way through without big Hollywood action scenes I finally finished watching Chernobyl (HBO). It took me awhile to gear up for it. Maybe because in April of 1986, I was in 6th grade, living in a small city about 20 miles from a decommissioned plutonium plant and a functioning nuclear energy generator in Eastern Washington State. My town had thousands of scientists, engineers, and clean-up workers not so different from the people depicted in the series. Were we ever on the brink of a life-changing accident? Would people working at the site have been asked to sacrifice their lives to save the rest of us in Washington or the Northwest? I don't know, but it's a crazy question to ponder.<br/><br/>The series is a masterpiece. Sober. Stressful. Incredibly detailed. A heartbreaking depiction of bravery, selflessness, and sacrifice. And a terrifying story of how deception, fear, and the exclusion of truth can wreck havoc on individuals, humanity and our world.<br/><br/>Watching it now, when the dark days of winter and Seasonal Affective Disorder are making me particularly morose, was probably not the best idea. Or maybe it was exactly right. Anyway, if you haven't seen it yet, I definitely recommend Chernobyl. I can't say anything negative about this mini series. It's so well executed and everything just comes together in pure perfection. The acting is great and especially the chemistry and development between skaarsgaard and Harris is worth highlighting but everyone does a great job. I could write 20 pages about all that is good about this show but the IMDb rating speaks for itself. I recommend a binge watch for this masterpiece of a mini series and now television history. I am nailed to my seat. This is the Best series I have ever watched. Great Job, a lot of time and effort... High quality tv show
The cast couldn't be better
Learned just how serious Chernobyl really was.
Great explanations of scientific leaders view.
Shows just how dangerous nukes are.
This show was great and hope they make more of these types of shows. What a powerful series! The writing is intelligent, making the complex understood, and it is tight, keeping our attention over a variety of perspectives. The performances are riveting, never straying into hyperbole, they are a gifted cast. There are lots of articles fact-checking whether this is fact or fiction, but nothing debating the fact that it is well executed drama, totally worthy of accolades and awards. I give this limited series a 9 (superb) out of 10. {Drama} A gripping miniseries that chronicled a disaster unseen before in human history. Equally chilling and emotional, it examined the dangers of a government in denial of an impending catastrophe and its devastating effect that will last thousands of lifetimes. Apart from the amazing way of telling the story, this show, in the image and sound, has the quality of a movie. Great work!<br/><br/>This series is definetely an easy 10. Not the usual TV series that u see, It's so Good, kudos to the makers for coming up with this, one of the beautiful shows that i have watched. I really liked sure noble it was like you were really there when it happened the people that caused it I hope that they are burning in hell all those people lost for no good reason it's a sad ending to the truth of what money and greed can do the people and what the repercussions there are it was a good series though! This mini series is fantastic.The acurrate of the story is unbelievable. In the aftermath of the Chernovyl reactor explosión this short 5 episode series tell the terrible consequences for the environment of a radiation outbreak and goes over the deep problems suffered by all involved: scientists control room operators, firefighters, peasants and ordinary citizens. There is a hidden truth behind the explosions that the former Soviet Union Communist did not allow to see the light. Good images, impressive when they should, moving situations. Outstanding performances. Worth to watch. Do not miss it This is simply excellent TV at every single level right up there with the very best. Of course there are some small elements of playing with the facts, it's a drama not a 100% documentary, but despite that it sticks very close to the real events, it presents a picture which according to almost all non Russian Government propaganda, is very real.
It is brilliantly shot, acted, directed, and plotted - faultless from start to end. An absolute must watch programme that thrills and educates in equal measures about one of the most important events of the last century and the world we live in. Rated it 9/10 because I don't like drama in the historical actions Really well done. Loved the first episode. Dragged a bit in the middle but closed out really strong. Well worth checking out Watched them all twice, I could watch it again. Tells the whole story, the acting is great. It is perfectly directed and well acted.. It is as real as it gets See it! Renk done a really good series. Frightning to see how close it was to be an even bigger dissaster One of the best series I have ever seen. It is extremely authentic and manages to portray very accurately the atmosphere of the communist block during that time. A real masterpiece! That was one of the most horror stories and serials based on reality I've ever seen... loved it so much and feared terribly in my thoughts if the disaster was going out of control in major...! One of strongest show i've ever seen. Biggest catastrophe in history of our planet. It is very painful to see all the suffering of people who eliminated the accident. Eternal memory to the heroes who saved our future! The scale at the which the Chernobyl happened and the after effects they had to deal with, is mind boggling. No wonder, safety is the number one priority now a days. Dealing with radioactivity is highly dangerous.<br/><br/>Hope that no one has to deal with an incident like this ever ever again. Out of all movies and series I've rated, this is the first time I'm forced to give a full ten. I have heard a lot of great reviews and it held my expectations and suppressed it even .. the Brits will never let you down , although the series is in HBO its actually clean and there is not any adult content and that proves my point that you do not need any pornography or offence slang to make it ( hence GOT ) .. the whole cast it top notch especially Jared Harris and Stelan who i think that they are going to win the best actor and supporting actor in the Emmy's and they should The struggle of characters with themselves when put in such horrendous situation just for the sake of some ruble, to do whats must be done,to throw away years of your life to save centuries of others and most importantly doing the righteous things above moral at the ground zero,this series tells us the ultimate nature of us,"humans" will do ,will act ,will sacrifice when needed before that we can be flawed ,immoral corrupt but the part inside all of us which is dyatlov can be easily outnumbered by part which represents those brave plant workers who dived in that water ,firefighters who threw away there lives , legasov,khomyuk,boris,all those mineworkers .humanity is still alive because of such humans and will thrive . If this mini series doesnt get any awards, its unfair. Kudos to all involved producing this authentic masterpiece. The actors are very convincing. Well played. I remember clearly 26 april 1986. Omg. Horrifying event that could have escalated Even more... It ranks among the all-time great miniseries, and is perhaps, the greatest ever. Seriously. It is so sad that the people who were supposed to know how to handle these kind of situations were actually the ones who preferred to please the mighty Soviet Union.
The ones who kept the secrets so deep and burried and dismissed anyone who told them otherwise.
We are wrong?? Nooo,you are wrong. You don't know how this world works..we are in charge, we make the world go round.
And the fact that this is still happening in those countries is even more alarming.
All the lies and secrets and cover ups are still present.
30 years later and it still hurts to remember.
I can taste the little pills they used to give us in school, the iodine pills I took for roughly 5 years everyday of school.
This miniseries is really the best. Superb I already know a great deal about Chernobyl but this was so good went into so much detail the acting was phenomenal couldn't fault this mini series at all. Chernobyl gets the job done. Despite being severely fictionalized, often misleading and factually inaccurate, and clearly designed for an American audience, this miniseries creates a haunting, emotional depiction of the horrors of nuclear energy that essentially hits the mark. The impact will be greatest for those who have not seen or read anything about it before. Ironically, it emphasises communistic Russia as the reason for corruption, propaganda and the perversion of justice - yet the very same tragedies surround us at the hands of capitalistic power and corruption. Very Good.<br/><br/>The best ever and and even!!<br/><br/>Everything the best, The show is both entertaining and well made but unfortunately they got a lot of the science wrong and as a consequence they have significantly hurt the prospects of the only viable existing technology to combat climate change. They did do a good job of showing the real cause of the accident which was a consequence of the political system in the soviet union.
All in all if it wasn't for the hundreds of thousands of people who are going to die of air pollution because of the delay in adopting nuclear energy this will cause I would give it 10/10 but -2 for the genocide. Overall making and acting is tremendous.They convey the actual fear & tension created at that time to the people.
The only negative I felt is the scientific explanation for how an RBMK reactor explodes. Best miniseries ever. Without a doubt. Must watch if you like shows. I read about the Chernobyl accident and knew the horror of the incident, which encouraged me to watch the series, but I realized during watching that the horrors I have read are nothing compared to what you saw in my eyes in the series, I managed to reverse the series of what was not written on paper photographed the wounded and the Soviet policy all this in a dramatic drama With great representation and great output A very beautiful series of creative story and new directing was wonderful and representation is incredibly excellent and the soundtrack was successful Everything was fine my gad how I loved this series Really informative program, with a quality cast. The only is I had with it was the English accents in a programme about a Russian disaster! I think it should have been in Russian, with English subtitles. Yes, most people don't like subtitles, but it would have been better in my opinion Remarkably cogent and multivalent drama, one aided by impeccable performances.
chernobyl was the disaster of a state built on the cult of obedience.
a real history that help to change world map. Great series, great story. It teaches the true lies of corrupt governments. Human mind is a beautiful thing but when emotions come into the game it can fail very fast and clear thinking will be covered by the mist of arrogance or clouds of terror. This outstanding HBO tv-series shows the look on the disaster that has shaken the whole world and the deeper zooms at the attempts to contain the fallout of negligence. I cannot know the truth but yet another point of view seems like an interesting way to spend time.<br/><br/>HBO as always has put all its skills on the line. The decorations seem impeccable, the storyline incorporates the characters in a way to show all the harm - remembered or forgotten, visible and the one that hides from the naked eye. The flow of events and the explanation stick together like a perfect lego figure.<br/><br/>On the top of that we see the impressive work done by the actors. Jared Harris and Stellan Skarsgard form an amazing duet that shows the struggle of two men trying to save the situation with all the limits imposed by the regime. Emily Watson strikes with her performance and indeed incorporates the spirit of all scientific workers that have played the part in the resolution of the incident.<br/><br/>It is stunning how the tv mini-series crawls under your skin. I will definitely say that these were the 5 heaviest episodes in my life. My head was boiling with all the information, risks, anxiety for the characters, their struggles and losses, the indignation of responsible people caused by the fear to lose face in front of the world.<br/><br/>Even though I know that now, in the year 2019, we have situation under control I still could not sit still and relax. This is the example of a powerful delivery and the impact of the real life story behind the series. I think it deserves the highest rating, but I will go out of my way and take one point off for depressing me so much. This show really gets you thinking, and not just about the Chernobyl disaster but also about how we the people are at the whim of our government and "experts". If a similar event happened today and we were told it was safe we would believe it because that's just how things work, we follow "expert advice" (just take a look at all these wacky diets for example). The soviets blinded their own people from the dangers they faced in order to save their image, and in the end they probably ended up killing thousands of people. It's interesting to think about what else governments have covered up that ended in disaster and we just don't know about yet. My only gripe with the show is making a fictional scientist who is so over the top altruistic that it's a clear plot-pushing character made by the writers. I understand why the character is there, but in the end I feel like it hurts the nature of the show to have that overbearing character. Still 10/10 Best series that made ever. It shows the minding of Russian socialism's reactions. No other can make us realise the horrors of nuclear catastrophe like this,
felt again and again radiation around me.
perfectly done. Best miniseries ever hands down. The story being true is what makes it more intense and it definitely has the most satisfying end as in no cliffhangers just a good old fashioned 'The End' The best series ever, I love it
Historical events based on the most nuclear disaster in a history An outstanding piece of television. Imagine is Homer Simpson was really in charge of a Nuclear Power Plant!!! Well he was and the disaster at Chernobyl was the result. No the CIA had nothing to do with it. It was down to total incompetence. Duhhh Not the most cheerful of programs but really really compelling viewing. The best TV-show ever - statement requiring proofs. As for me, every argument counts in favor of "Chernobyl".
I had huge doubts that someone could ever shoot a worthy version of this fatal disaster screen-adaptation. The fact that story should be well-known couldn't play down a burden of HBO either. Though for me this series is a complete state of satisfaction.
First of all, created ambience really shocks. You literally dive into this epic feeling of grief and loss. The writing might seem dry, even technical and a great tension 100% covers anything left behind.
The acting was also legendary. I think heroism of Soviet Union folk was showcased so deeply against background of cruel and ruthless higher-ups.
Talking about so-called anti-Russian propaganda I can assure it's the same picture of USSR's government shown on Russian television. I guess a true matter sounds like "How come that Americans dare to film this event?"
Another point of "Chernobyl's" haters is made up storyline. This TV-show is declared as historical and drama, so it's okay not to report every fact as if it is documentary. Series is filmed for vast audience who desires to watch a thrilling enjoyable picture not bare-facts thing.
Watching "Chernobyl" I found myself taking these events too heavily and close - such effect I got. It's the most crucial evidence making sense to me. So I can say with a complete assurance: "Chernobyl" is a must-watch so far! This series has booked its place already as one of the few masterpieces in realistic storytelling. It told the tragic disaster and events of Chernobyl in an amazingly accurate and honest way. The elements of the drama came together in a perfect way including acting, soundtrack, lighting and the spectacular attention to the details of the 80s period. This is a piece of art that created to remain in the history for many years to come! After "Game of Thrones" went kaput in one of the most anticlimactic ways possible, HBO needed another flagship. Yet instead of focusing on a long-term TV show they made a 5-episode mini-series and believe it or not it was a huge success. "Chernobyl" is one of the most devastating things I have ever seen and felt. From a television perspective, its quality is above and beyond anything.<br/><br/>"Chernobyl" is merciless and relentless in its dramatization. So much so, that at times it ends up over-dramatizing, almost not being satisfied with itself. You might argue--well, of course, the disaster that happened on that fateful night could've changed the course of history. Exactly, so this constant aesthetic bleakness feels unnecessary, overproduced at times, sensationalized, impressionistic--it was the facts and the screenwriting which give off the true drama.<br/><br/>But this is not what I will focus on when I will discuss "Chernobyl", which is why I wanted to get the negatives out of the way. What I will focus is on the way it succeeded to use the disaster itself as a bridge between the Soviet philosophy and the suffering of the people. In the end, the scientific mishaps could be traced all the way to the decaying and toxic philosophy of the Soviet Union. An extremist view I heavily oppose. Mikhail Gorbachev said that the Chernobyl disaster was one of the main causes of the collapse of the Soviet Union--and he is right. The explosion could easily be viewed as a metaphor for the Soviet philosophy--one which is built on instability, cutting corners. And like the menacing view of the power plant, the Soviet Union is also driven by a prideful presentation, their egos hiding an inevitable chaos. "Out power comes from the perception of our power"--indeed!<br/><br/>Solutions to the chaos do present themselves, yet they are often represented as human sacrifice. Few of which could've been avoided if the administrators would have let go of their pride. The scene in the first episode, in which an elderly man among the many plant officials spews forth an anecdote prompting to the picture of Lenin on the wall and telling his peers to bask in the glory of the chaos, its powerful, representative of the Soviet thought-killing machine. Like the reactor was spewing toxicity in the air, so was he spewing his own toxicity--and on and on and on...<br/><br/>Despite its physical disaster approach, "Chernobyl" depicts an even greater evil manifested by dangerous philosophies. Its intelligence relies a lot on the sides. Whereas the front-runner is the technical disaster, the true lingering evil relies in its unseen insight. It was the Soviet Union that murdered all the innocent man, women and children, the radiation was just the means. Chernobyl is slow, deliberate, meticulous and haunting. The writing is spectacular, and the conversations between characters are as captivating as the scope and consequences of the disaster itself. The characters are likeable (with, of course, the exception of Dyatlov and Co.) and I found myself quickly rooting for them since they were trying their utter best to save as many lives as was possible, and in doing so, put their own lives at great risk.
The performances by Jared Harries, Stellan Skarsgard and everyone else are superb. The production design is amazing and so is the eerily chilling score.
Hats off to the director, writer and the rest of the crew for creating such a wonderful piece of television with a message that is relevant to our times. Excellent, realistic presentation. A good lesson for next generations. I like Chernobyl, easy to watch. Perfect make up and realistic stage. I strongly suggest to watch it.
But when I compare this with other series, I dont think this series deserve more than others. O believe its a bit overrated.<br/><br/>Story is short and slow paced series. Might get bored if you dont watch it with full attention. I liked this show mostly because it points to a very important reality: The horrors of nuclear power and how civilians are the immediate victims in all of this.<br/><br/>While countries are arguing about who and who shouldn't get access to nuclear energy like it's all fun and games and leaders making jokes on twitter about nuking each other, this tragedy is a grim reminder that nuclear energy/power is nothing to be proud of, if anything it is dangerous and the only victims are those who have nothing to do with it. The kids, their parents, the elderly and innocent victims all around. Meanwhile, those same leaders and politicians who get to make those choices are all stripped from responsibility and are just safe in their billion dollar mansions.<br/><br/>If you really need to produce energy, why not go for the cleaner most renewable source of energy? Solar energy or use Wind turbines instead? Who is gonna die when there is an error in these turbines or when their power plants get out of whack? Certainly no one. No one is gonna get cancer or exposure to unnecessary high levels of radiation.<br/><br/>This is why nuclear energy shouldn't be messed with, the risk is too high even under the most experienced and skilled moderators. We all remember what happened in Japan not too long ago, that wasn't due to any human error.
Governments and their propaganda would like to tell us that nuclear energy is only bad if it's in the wrong hands, but really they're no different from what the Soviet Union did or say back when this tragedy happened.<br/><br/>We should all boycott nuclear energy and replace it with cleaner, safer sources and to me that is where the real silver lining of this show comes to place. HBO's Chernobyl created by Craig Mazin. It currently has a 9.5/10 on IMDb and a 96% on Rotten Tomatoes; I have also heard somewhere that this show is the highest reviewed TV-series in history.<br/><br/>It's a masterpiece.<br/><br/>I don't even know how to describe it or properly convey the magnitude of what this show depicts and tells. Obviously, it is centered around the events of the Chernobyl disaster on April 26, 1986 in the Soviet Union, but this series goes so far beyond just the history of the event and its aftermath. This isn't a documentary you would watch in history class; this is a masterclass in storytelling that very few other stories can match in quality.<br/><br/>If you have five hours, watch it. If you don't, find five hours. Chernobyl is one of these TV-phenomenons that makes you think about it days after you finished the last episode. Its dark and very realistic depiction of a catastrophy that actually happend in the 80s is simply amazing but also scary and nighmarish. You feel for the people involved in the that horror and it is somewhat depressing to watch all these people who know they are doomed to die very slowly an painfully! Thes elemets in particular are a bit hard to swallow. This was one of the extremely rare times I had to stop during an episode and let to sink in what just happend. Breahtaking.
Also I would like to point out, that I have never seen a better depiction of the 80s than in this show. You totally believe that this is in the year 1986, even though I am slightly to young to have lived in the 80s and have never been in any part of the soviet union, but this is how I picture it.<br/><br/>I have to recommend this show even thow every body probaply knows what happend in Chernobyl in 1986. For it's quality to depict these events I can only give this show the highest rating: 10/10! You should watch! The story behind this series is a story worthy to be told til the end of mankind. The heroes in this story shall never be forgotten. This series is the best way to tell this story, I have no criticism. What more can be said? The cast, the location the details... everything was thought out and followed through. Can't wait to see what the people behind this bring us next. HBO: somehow you have gotten another month out of me, keep it coming! This is a must watch. Superbly acted and directed. This is an important film that has done justice to the people that lost their lives to this tragedy. Mini series seem to be a successful new thing now a days. This will be very hard to bring down as the best mini series ever. Where does it stack up against other extended tv shows? Well good question, I would say it's in the top 10 still because it's an amazing show, writing, music, acting and effects. It's very intense, a must watch. Chernobyl is a miniserie which depicts the Chernobyl disaster where the high VFX effects and top performances of the actors make it into among the top rated web series. I would rated it more gripping than the Game of thrones Nothing but good things to say, really. An underappreciated event in terms of historical significance and I genuinely learned a lot. I am sure there are some historical biases at play, but nonetheless a great learning experience. Jared Harris is quickly becoming one of my favourite actors. This whole thing would be better if they used a Russian cast and did subtitles, but still an amazing series. The biggest event is at the beginning, so I did start losing a bit of interest in the history lesson by the end, but would still highly recommend this mini series to anyone interested. I find this season to be really really sort after...
Direction is mind blowing and attention to detail is mind blowing ..
Totally loved it...
Very well explained things to even someone is not from physics background...
Great show. If there were less of these and some more consistently realistic character interactions this would be a 9.5-10. Its crazy .... Gives a lot of knowledge one of the rare jewel Why do the makers of films have to have smoking in these types of films? Smoking is stupid and kills people. Who cares if most people in the Soviet Union smoke. Why perpetuate a bad habit! Great mini series except for the smoking and killing of animals. This mini series perfectly portrayed the epic chernobyl saga. Love every moment of it. I liked the serial very much because it made the world aware of the reality of the Chernobyl disaster and its impact and showed the importance of science in protecting the world from nuclear radiation, which would destroy life on the continent and I love the cast and full Jared Harris But the best feature of this series is that he made us recognize the truth and understand it in a way Wonderful and easy This series is the masterpiece. Respect for the creators of this tv series.<br/><br/>When they were trying to shut the core, that was good. But one of the most intense scene was when they were shooting puppies, oh man i cried at that moment.<br/><br/>Thanks to the writers and director, and everybody worked day and night so hard so that we can watch this kind of masterpiece.
This show is now at the top of the "Top Rated TV Shows" list in IMDb. Everyone in the world must watch this masterpiece once in their life. For me it is the best series like Breaking Bad. I just love these both titles, topped my list! Nowadays it's really hard to find 'Gems' in the ocean of TV Shows and Web Series! Fortunately I stumbled upon on one such Gem here! Based upon the most terrifying Nuclear tragedy our world has ever witnessed ; This show is a masterpiece and an Example to all the Writers and Directors out there about how a Series/Show should be made! Fulfilled with Brilliant performances all over the board with Gripping screenplay and camera works, it never failed to amaze me with it's perfection! All the science facts are presented in a simpler way so that everyone can get a hold of the events that happened nearly 33 years ago and the utter harsh magnitude of it. Score is Brilliant and fits perfectly with the plot. If you love tensed, gripping and dramatic shows ; this is a must watch. An important real story that has been needed to be told with such perfection and clarity as it's been told here.
A necessary film to refresh our minds about politics, technology, science and how bad can things go when treated carelessly. Chernobyl is a fine example of a dramatised documentary - it has excellent acting, accurate (for the most part) period reenhancement, and takes only a few liberties with historical facts.<br/><br/>Just as important, I think, is its ability to explain what went wrong in a nuclear power plant in 'layman terms'. And it does not use the platform to pass any message (though it is easy for the viewer to contrast the Soviets' ignoring of the problem with similar modern attitudes), which would be ill-placed in a show dedicated to a historical event.<br/><br/>That said, I do find its incredible popularity and rating a bit puzzling - it's really good, but wow. At least it gives Jared Harris his due, he is a superb actor (though I liked Paul Ritter even more here) This is truly a dour and brooding piece; but it fits the tragedy that had occurred. The depiction of the event itself and the outright arrogance and face- saving that produced it is probably the most frightening part of this story. The acting is superlative. I'm sure this will be looked at a propaganda by some, and I am positive any Russian version will be more so (I'm sure the CIA had more important stuff to worry about than blowing up a nuclear power plant in the Ukraine). This should be seen as a cautionary tale about the pitfalls of misinformation. Excellent work. Why did Anatoly Dyatlov survive while all other in the control room died? But for me this show stayed a bit unfinished. Almost whole episode about animal killing and quite a few about humans who survived and kids who did born. It looked like firemen, coal diggers and other personnel were brought together rather nearby when they actually were from all over vast Soviet Union.
Or why those red and blue boards in court were in Russian while they spoke English. Somehow that part did bothered me! And that comrade was totally over used.
But I have to say this time Americans and UK have made quite a show. Really authentic, even the actors looked like Russians-Ukranians. I was only amazed where they got all that stuff.
I've heard stories about it, because here they also took men for cleaning up and building without saying where and why they are going, but it was just appalling to watch what stupidity and arrogance can do. I came to watch "Chernobyl" a little after the hype had started, so whilst I appreciate that it's a quality show, my expectation were perhaps raised more than was reasonable.<br/><br/>The five episode mini-series focuses mostly on the efforts to minimise the potentially international after effects of the 1986 nuclear explosion at the Chernobyl facility in what is now Ukraine, but was part of the Soviet Union at the time. Most of the decision making in the aftermath is done by Valery Legasov (Jared Harris) and Boris Shcherbina (Stellen Skarsgard) whilst their colleague Ulana Khomyuk (Emily Watson) researches the events of the night and makes some devastating discoveries.<br/><br/>Dealing, as it does, with a real incident that happened within living memory - Chernobyl can sometimes be a tough watch. The immediate after effects of high level radiation exposure are recreated, but what's somehow worse is the thoughts of seeing countless men exposed, knowing or unknowingly, to levels or radiation that are going to dramatically lower their life expectancy. The Incident is recreated in horrifying detail, shot at a near identical plant in Lithuania.<br/><br/>It is at heart though, a character drama, so it's important that the performances were good and they are. Some you have come to expect this from, Harris, Skarsgard and Watson, but one of the nice things about the series from a UK point of view, is the number of British character actors given an opportunity to raise their international profiles. Paul Ritter has a very prominent role, and actors like Ralph Ineson, Con O Neil and Alex Ferns are all given chances to shine. The way it explains the science of what occurred at Chernobyl is very good too, using the hearing at the end and presenting evidence, mixed in with a dramatic recreation of the events. The last episode is one of the best single episodes of anything I've ever seen.<br/><br/>Though question marks may remain about the authenticity of the story, and probably always will, none remain of the quality of the series. April 26, 1986, 5 years before the end of the Cold War and date of one of the most important, shocking and desperate moments in the history of mankind after the 2 world wars that occurred before the so-called Cold War (or war of egos as I like and I find it more accurate to call her.)<br/><br/>Of course I'm doing this post thanks to a few moments ago I finished watching the so-called "best rated series in history" Chernobyl of HBO. It is shocking how this historical catastrophe ended, compared to of course how the political context at the global level of the time could have ended. For during the first episode and the first miatd of the second (also counting veridical and unofficial predecessors alike) we got to see how the ruling party of the Soviet Union hid the catastrophe during the first two days, resulting in vain. We managed to realize how throughout the confrontation to the conflict of life or death by mere ego or personal misfortune this nation refused to accept the help of other countries to undermine the accident that could have cost the life of all Eurasia and perhaps the world.<br/><br/>Let's give an example:
On Thursday, August 5, 2010, at around 2:30 p.m., the event known as the collapse of the San Jose mine in the Atacama region of Chile was made concrete. An event attended by companies, countries and entities around the globe. The rescue was made possible thanks to the donations of goods (mainly from China) such as the fenix capsule from which, one by one, the 33 miners emerged from the darkness of the San José mine, if not for the great organization and the rapid diffusion. of this event, perhaps the story to tell would be different. Maybe I'm mixing things up but my point is: humanitarian aid and communication and media.<br/><br/>The URRSS had at that time the largest radio transmitter in the history of mankind, radio stations, and major television companies with the United States, but due to the verbal and strategic confrontations between both nations and the fear on the part of the USSR to be seen as a weaker nation compared to its capitalist enemy, prevented the disaster was made known at the most indicated time.<br/><br/>The fear that reactor number four may continue to affect and cause a possible collapse of the remaining reactors is still valid today, only that you probably did not know until now.<br/><br/>What does all this have to do with the super production of HBO?
Indirectly, HBO is a subsidiary of the multinational Warner Brothers, a US company, thus creating a sort of indirect political disclosure "Russia mala, Russia poop, Communism = BAD." Which if you stick to the erratic bureaucracies of the fact is a pseudo truth.<br/><br/>But the serious apart from portraying the political tangles, also relates the social.<br/><br/>Within the series there must be 3 points of view, that of the population of Chernobyl (Pripiat and Kiev alike, as well as that of the rest of the world that we are the spectators), politics and the military.<br/><br/>All those involved in stopping the disaster so that it does not become major are heroes of humanity, perhaps the most important in the history of our civilization, something that the series remarks in a masterly manner.<br/><br/>The series is crude which is a vital point, it makes us imagine how could a person affected by radiation equivalent to 4 million radiographs be seen, the series shows it, shows how cruel the Syndrome of Acute Irradiation is and how its stages are devastating for those who suffer it.<br/><br/>The series takes sierta liberties such as putting a fire on the roof of the central
(fire that never existed by the way), or the creation of Ulana Khomyuk (character played by Emily Watson)<br/><br/>It's a thriller that makes you think about what could have happened if everything went wrong, and that invites you to meditate on a lot. A series that keeps the viewer without knowing what is going to happen knowing that everything went "GOOD".<br/><br/>There are certain details that the production let pass, as the theme of the actors, because each one presents an accent that differs from other characters, being that the series takes place in a place located in Russia. But that does not detract from the series, it is mere prickling itself.<br/><br/>I hated the series, but not because it's bad, I hated it because that's what really happened (or at least a dramatization of what happened that fateful day / year).<br/><br/>I recommend the series, Yes, it is something that everyone should see and have knowledge, because if not for the work of everyone involved today, all Eurasia would be a paramo, an uninhabitable wasteland.<br/><br/>My score for the series is 10 out of 10, no doubt a superproduction that everyone should see, but do not get confused is a series, there are creative freedoms to the real story, I recommend reading testimonies of the facts to have greater understanding Good script and excellent acting. All 5 episodes are a treat to watch. Personally, I hold Fargo season 1 and Breaking Bad in higher esteem. The 9.6 on imdb is a bit too enthousiastic, I believe. Still, a quality show, not for the faint at heart. Fear what you can't see<br/><br/>HBO's Chernobyl is a masterful blend of different genres. It is a disaster movie and a horror film, but first and foremost it is a historical drama. The fact that it is based on real events makes it extremely gritty and chilling, but also absolutely irresistible. Chernobyl tells the story of the worst man-made nuclear catastrophe, and when you know that what you see happened in real life, it puts the things in a completely different perspective. The producers say they did a lot of research and it shows - the drama is very authentic. There are some minor things that might seem a bit stretched to those who, like myself, were born in the USSR, but this is not a documentary. This is TV art at its best - using the creative license to captivate the viewer and narrate the story while remaining largely true to life.<br/><br/>Chernobyl evokes a wide range of emotions. It makes you tremble with fear when you see the disaster unfolding. The Soviet-style neglect of safety requirements and clumsy cover-up attempts would enrage anyone watching the mini-series. Bureaucrats trying to salvage their reputation in the wake of the explosion are pathetic whereas ordinary people turned heroes - Ukrainians, Russians and Belorussians - deserve all the praise and gratitude in the world for containing the catastrophe and dealing with the aftermath. The first of such magnitude, the nuclear plant accident put men and women in the position where they had to choose between bad and worse. Sometimes they simply didn't have any good options and that's why certain scenes in this TV drama are absolutely heart-breaking.<br/><br/>In terms of production quality, Chernobyl excels on all fronts. Except for the peaceful sequence before the disaster, the look is pretty muted, as the visuals serve to create a bleak and rather post-apocalyptic mood. The minimalistic score couldn't be any better - it gives you goose bumps and highlights the crippling menace. The images and the music add to the brilliant performances of the British, Irish and Scandinavian cast. After watching the drama some native speakers of English noted that they expected the actors to put on a Russian or Ukrainian accent. As someone whose first language is Russian, I can say that a fake accent would have ruined the show for me. The drama is not about how people speak, it is about what they say and do. Was Jessie Buckley any less convincing as a fireman's wife because she spoke in perfect English? Absolutely not! In the TV world, it is the story that matters, something that can resonate with viewers at a deeper level.<br/><br/>Good dramas always confront people with uneasy questions which might not even have answers. Chernobyl is no exception in this respect. One of the key characters wonders about the cost of lies. I keep on asking myself how the flawed Soviet socialist system managed to nurture people who didn't hesitate to put their lives on the line when saving Europe from the radioactive meltdown.<br/><br/>This is the best TV drama of 2019 so far and one of the best I have ever seen. Highly recommended. Scenes of smoldering wreckage of the power plant spewing noxious miasma, cloaking the air with its deadly radiation, gloomy horizon dimmed by the billowing pall, severely burned bodies, blisters forming on the skin, people choking themselves to death and the people who were not aware of the impending doom send chills down my spine.<br/><br/>This is just a small fragment of the cataclysm that nuclear energy, nuclear weapons can generate for people, environment and the world.<br/><br/>I liked the movie being fairly unbiased about the people of former soviet union, readily laying down their lives to sacrifice for a greater cause.<br/><br/>Though, in some small segments of the series, the creators tried to furtively depict soviet authorities as uneducated, ruthless and bureaucratic.<br/><br/>I like the series and the sense of apocalypse it created in me. The performances of Jared Harris and Emily Watson are Emmy worthy. The story - well within the living memory of most people who would be interested in a mini-series like this: Told in a very dramatic and heart wrenching fashion. The catharsis of Stellan Skarsgård is also quite compelling. I especially appreciated the way that Jared Harris' character bumps up against the truth time and time again and is forced to traffic in lies. Harris is a really good actor.<br/><br/>The cinematography is powerful. I remember 1 shot in particular. A long shot of Soviet Army helicopters dropping boron and sand on the fire. As the heli flies through the smoke and radiation from the burning core, it stops functioning. The shot doesn't follow the crippled heli to the ground. It just stays still as it falls out of frame. The entire look of the production is gloomy and gray as if coated in 75 years of dust. Like the Soviet Union was at the time.<br/><br/>Ultimately, it's a show about lies. How a system becomes so infested with lies. Lies so prominent and pervasive, that when the very system that the lies underpin and make possible are put under the strain of an emergency, the system struggles to barely function. The truth is constantly put in direct opposition to lies. Whether or not to tell the citizen of the nearby town, whether or not to tell the world? IRL terms,If radiation hadn't been detected in Sweden, this disaster would have been much worse. Gorbachev wanted to keep it contained. Some truths are too big. Ultimately the Soviet Union failed about 4-5 years later. The producers have made a thinly veiled direct historical assertion that the Soviet Union failed because it was the weight of lies became too great.<br/><br/>When I sit down and minimize distractions and focus on a TV show or movie and I am rewarded I feel it necessary to write about it. Watching this mini-series made me feel as if I was watching the events happen first hand, the mark of a good cinematic effort. Less like drama and more like a documentary. Chernobyl is definitely worth the time to watch and one of the better small screen efforts I've seen in a while. Great series, with just a few flaws. As a person born in 87, south of Ukraine, some scenes were off, but hey, it's not a documentary. Started with very high expectations and ended satisfied but not blown away - excuse the language-.
The atmosphere is good. Decors take you to Russia in 1986 but then the actors start talk English and it's a throwback to Hollywood. The scene in the atomic shelter is so overacted that it draws away attention from the story.
Bingeworthy for sure but it lacks the splendour to deserve a 9 or 10. "What is the cost of lies? It is not that we will mistake them for the truth. The real danger is that if we hear enough lies then we no longer recognize the truth"<br/><br/>There is no doubt for this series to be the highest ranked in the world on IMDb. The atmosphere they have created throughout the series that was so great<br/><br/>The dialogues were extra ordinary and in my perspective the depthness of the dialogues were the best part of the series.<br/><br/>HBO has made the best series on the event that was not occurred before. Thet have shown the truth of that nuclear explosion precisely and the efforts they have put to stop explosion.<br/><br/>Truly, i have never watched any series that can match the level of accuracy of this series Radiation kills only those who do not love her (Homer Simpson) Chernobyl is gripping television. Yes, there are a number of slow spots but by and large it will leave you spellbound, shaking your head in disbelief at the arrogance, incompetence and corruption that lead to the Chernobyl disaster and the unforgivable attempts, still ongoing, to keep it all hushed up. The sheer disregard for human life, whether it was the plant workers, those who responded to the explosion or the innocents who lived near the plant, is just staggering. It is difficult to believe anything good will come from this series although it should. Sadly, those who are responsible for the disaster and its aftermath are unlikely to see this production and probably wouldn't be chastened if they were. Still, as the series itself points out, it is important that this series was made and produced and has attained the huge viewing audience it has as a memorial and to honour those thousands who died as a result of this catastrophe. May something similar never occur elsewhere. Kudos to the producers, writers and cast of this project. They have all done a superlative job. Don't miss this. From time to time I came up with a series just out of nowhere. Although it has not received much marketing, a select group watches and the word is shared. This was with Breaking Bad, Dark, Stranger Things, among others. The only difference of those mentioned with Chernobyl is one factor: quality. I'm not saying that Breaking Bad is bad, on the contrary, I think it's one of the best series ever produced, and that's why I'm comparing it to Chernobyl, the perfect series at the perfect time.<br/><br/>Chernobyl is about the largest nuclear accident in the history of the land and the immorality of the Soviet state over. This is already the first positive point: without shame. This is the first series I've seen that shows the state, Soviet / Russian supremacy, without fear, showing the truths they've hidden for months, the lies that cost thousands of lives of innocent people. It's revolting, even unbelievable, but that's exactly what happened: Soviet / Russian pride tried to hide everything from under his arms, but in the end he could not.<br/><br/>One of the things that impressed me the most was how faithful the show was. Of course there were things they had to exclude, but even so, history has a clear beginning, middle, and end, making that production into something out of the ordinary. Despite having a distinctly limited budget, the atmosphere created is totally immersive and terrifying, while I felt the radiation in me, even thousands of miles away. It's a very strange sensation, but the adrenaline is deliciously dangerous. So I highly recommend watching with headphones on high to make the experience more remarkable.<br/><br/>The performances of the main and even the supporting actors are also very good. Shout-out for Jared Haris, who destroyed the role of scientist Legasov. He always gets supporting roles or even irrelevant roles, but his potential to make a main character is astounding.<br/><br/>The soundtrack is another hit. Her tone blends perfectly with what the series wants to pass. The thunderous sound are shivering! It is made by a woman named Hildur Guðnadóttir, I recommend her work, it is incredible.<br/><br/>And now, the cherry on the cake. Very few current series can do this thing right or can not do it in every episode. Chernobyl is part of this select group, I'm talking about the script and dialogues. It is impossible to find a series that can make such a vivid and clear script about one of the most boring and complex things: nuclear physics. The dialogues and monologues created are true lessons. And yet it makes an interesting subject, of which you want to know more and more, a puzzle that at the end of the series is complete. Just watching to see this. Shout-out to Craig Mazin, writer and creator of the series, he made a script to post the latest GOT season on the ground.<br/><br/>In the end, Chernobyl is the best series of all time, without having to think much. It is a unique experience, spectacular and rich in both information and quality. A production worthy of HBO, which, once again, hit the competition without pushing too hard. If you have a free time, I swear, you will not regret pressing the play button. It will be one of the best choices of your life. It's really worth watching, after all, it's the best series ever.
Unfortunately the IMDb notes go up to 10, but this one deserves 1000000. Every detail in the story seems meticulously crafted so it would present us a thoughtful and meaningful portrayal of the unknown heroes that prevented a far worse tragedy.
Amazing TV Show! On top of my list! Unmissable television. Difficult to watch at times but worth it. The first episode was just amazing and all the acting is impeccable. My only reason not to give it 10 stars is that they needed to invent the character of Ulana Khomyuk as the story otherwise would have had no leading female characters. Completely unnecessary. I've already knew a lot about Chernobyl. As I live in Ukraine. But this series showed me how horrific was that disaster. It's great to know better our past. I hope that the same disaster will never happen again. Great, make you live the disaster.
great cinematic, storylines, acting and directing. Short but dense.
Amazing performances
New nuances of the facts I remember when this happened and should have been paying more attention at the time. I wanted to know more about the event and this series was incredible. The detail, the acting, everything. Very well done. I was not expecting much when I saw this show was being offered but it's one of the best shows I have ever seen. Super series! I could have never imagined that someone so far from these events as a music video maker from Sweden and a screenwriter from US whose apex work in the industry was a "Very Scary Movie 3" would be able to create such a deep and breathtaking tribute to all of the Soviet people who gave their health and lives at Chernobyl and whose sacrifice was never properly acknowledged by our own country.<br/><br/>I just registered to IMDB after years of reading reviews with the only goal: to say Thank You to everyone who was involved in creation of Chernobyl. I could have never imagined to see people of West creating such a heartbreaking, powerful and sincere homage to us, people of former Soviet Union. It's more than our own country ever tried to do to pay the respects to 600 000 people who were fighting tooth and nail with that catastrophe to stop it from spreading and taking even bigger death toll.<br/><br/>Thank you. Detailed human disaster has been summarized in less than 6 hours with amazing cast played thier roles in perfect way. Am giving this piece of art 9 of 10 till the Russian version they talking about then i might change my mind. I really enjoyed the watch Easily one of the best shows ever! If not the best! Made very well, directed very well, great actors, addictive show !
Very recommended ! This is the first IMDB review I've submitted and I've had the app for years. I had no interest in this show before I watched it other than a slight fascination with the historical event. The show exceeded my expectations. I enjoyed every episode. It was fine extremely well. Left me speechless!An absolutely fine piece of cinematography that they managed to achieve.
The cast is phenomenal and the attention to details and realism is exactly what i'm looking for in a movie that is supposed to describe real events.
Every shot is magnificently accompanied by this haunting soundtrack that makes you feel like you're actually there.
Great dialogue with memorable quotes(take notes d&d) delivered by top notch actors is what really made me score this one as a 10.For me the most important aspect of art is the message it delivers and this is a brilliant example of it.
Actors speaking with their natural accent being a flaw is a joke.I don't think people realize how bad it would've been for them to fake an accent. I was looking at chernobyl related documents and documentaries from last 1 year. I dont know how i suddenly started getting interest to read about CHernobyl. ANd then i came to know about the show CHerbobyl which was just produced as well. I mean whats the timimg, did the director writer gazed from interent users how people are getting interested in this topic and started making show out of it? I mean is this some sense which everyone realizes at once.
Ok apart from the timing the show itself is very good and i am very proud of my self that it is ranekd top tv shows.. The game of thrones i did not see, i thought it is best show as many people talk about it.
But then the topic i had interest is suddenly top of imdb.. this makes me feel my choices are great. Very good acting and direction is excellence. scene picturised insanely awesome. Excellent TV-drama , but in "the middle" it lost some tempo and got involved in repeating imaging of raditationburned hospitalized victims and animalkilling. That was not necessary. The audinence got the idea already at the first scenes showing radiationburns and shooting of dogs. Everyone should watch this most of us know about radiation harm and side effects but we studied on books only this series shown us more detaild explanation about radiation and how hard is it contaminate it what makes this series more good was it's a true story about Chernobyl. and the direction,cinematography and music was stunning
Good work guys The only bad thing about this series is that there was only 5 episodes....<br/><br/>The fact it was in English may be a bit off-putting to purists, however if it was in native language then the audience would have been massively reduced. I'm sure it has/will be dubbed into other languages. There are two reason's in my opinion why people are down voting this mini series. 1. They aren't able to watch it because they don't have HBO or they just flat out haven't watched it. 2. They're mad that it has a better score on IMDB than their favorite show albeit game of thrones or breaking bad. I bring Breaking Bad into the conversation because I personally believe it's the greatest show ever created for tv from scratch. On the other hand, each episode of this mini series seriously stressed me out from start to finish even though we all know the outcome of this horrible human created accident. I haven't been this stressed out watching a tv show since the episode Ozymandias in the final season of breaking bad. I give this series a 10/10 because it felt so real. The acting was incredible, and the fact something you can't see can cause so much devastation is terrifying. I always wondered how everything happened out there in Pripyat and the Chernobyl power plant because of all the video games I played in that post-apocalyptic setting in Chernobyl. This introduces and tells the story perfectly with so much emotion that it sucks you right in, like you are one of them, you feel their anger, sadness and helplessness. It teaches us how to show respect to all the casualties that lost their lives and all the people who fought for us, so today we may be healthy and live a good life. The 2nd and 4th episode were a bit to slow for my taste without to much content, but I guess the 4th was an important build up to the final 5th episode that explained everything. 9 from me. Best show ever. this is the true story of the first time out of the world of 4 Erm yeah it's a good show. I disagree with top rated have to say. It's a high standard but so is breaking bad etc and that ran for 5 seasons. I think a tv show that only runs 5 episodes doesn't constitute being the best of all time. Also throwing in a fictional female character that solves all the issues and problems within the disaster was a silly idea, only to please feminism it would seem. These were the times in 1980 men did most of this type of work. We all know it so there's no point lying about it by putting a female character in that's actually based off the work of 3 male scientists that solved the issues, if anything it's a disservice and disrespectful to them. This will stay with you for a good while after watching. Amazing piece of tv production. I liked the making, set, clothing, direction and truly acted piece of art. Human error, corrupted top level and killing human beings for their silly mistakes where they are still saying only 31 died where it couldn't be less than 90,000+<br/><br/>Brave story and unsung hero's! After this movie you understand that each coin has two sides. I do not know whether such large-scale examples of dedication and self-sacrifice have occurred in the history of mankind as during this terrible catastrophe. Thanks @hbo for reminding us what is to be a human. Those people, each of them - the absolute superheroes of our day! I do not know where else they would be found, except for the socialist state, which every day aims to rub in every person, to be human, not a microbe. The very essence of socialization is an reinforced concrete foundation that saves all humanity from the inevitable terrible death. Soviets as he was, is the steadfast restraint of the security officers (Chekists) and the KGB, but also the power and honor of each person. It's like a huge live picture of direct and strong life. My score would have been 10 if the movie would have been spoken in Russian Rated this a ten for the writers, actors, producers and director's ability to capture and display the so human variety of reaction in the moment to such extreme and deadly events; you felt for all those that were on the ground and recognized the knee-jerk bureaucratic cya as being only the Russian version of standard corporate and government reaction to horrific events anywhere in the world. From last night till now, I have watched this "chernobyl" made by the americans and played by the British. I can give it eight stars, but not more. If it is made by the germans, I will give it ten stars. In the objective reduction of historical facts and self-reflection on the point of German film and television relatively than any other countries to be objective and fair! Starring two acting is good, and the shaping of image is very full, the history of the last episode picture reappearance was performed, let a person tears, TV series finally promote the humanitarian spirit of suffering and sacrifice is worth affirmation, but americans take Soviet disaster movies always will inevitably entrainment and convey their own values and ideology, even today, 28 years after the collapse of the Soviet union, Europe and the United States skin still will Russia crowd out in white, best efforts to prevent Russia rise again! The most intolerable thing is that although I like British accent very much, but restore the drama of the former Soviet union at least find a group of Russian speakers dubbing is also a respect for history, the former Soviet union story English dubbing full minute out of the play!
Then again, for the details of the chernobyl nuclear accident completely is difficult to know the truth, this may is the history of the largest charm and it is the most horrible place, once happened, then become the past, for posterity multiple entry point and a variety of positions, thus reducing a variety of historical truth, differ as to exactly the most complete truth as events will be doomed to hide the history of that a moment in history all over the sky yellow sand, maintained its thick and heavy mystery!
The highly centralized political and economic system of the former Soviet union and the stability and harmony built up with lies are only a dream after all. The system built up with countless life grievances will eventually disintegrate from within. Water can carry a boat but also overturn it.
Every historical age has its necessity of existence and its necessity of death. Every system has its possibility of existence and its possibility of downfall. Nothing is immortal! It is undeniable that the former Soviet union has created a great age, at least, it once surpassed the United States and scared americans. Its right to exist equalizes the power game in the cold war era and makes the world have the possibility of peace. Its passing is also the choice of history, and no one can go against history! We can't imagine what the world would look like if Hitler had won world war ii. Even today, a large proportion of germans still think Hitler is a national hero. We can't imagine what would have happened if the Soviet union had won the cold war and the United States had disintegrated. This is the charm of history's largest, there is no if and if, some just inevitable and, past established, don't change, can do is to grasp the present, looking to the future, any whitewash with lies and life of the new millennium will eventually in the time of the light of justice under the mapping of show face, die in sin and brutal years long river, neglected!
The play tells the story of Ukraine in 1986, what is the cause of the chernobyl accident, and the brave people were how to sacrifice their own rescue in the disaster of Europe story! This is an amazing show .. cannot pinpoint a single failure .. the only downside is that it is only 5 episodes .. thnx HBO You could take really Georgian actor as Bacho, therefore Georgians had a huge role in real facts of Chernobyl I apologize for google translate, speak English poorly
unreal atmosphere, the series was created with a lot of small things, you can safely turn a blind eye to the fact that home with double-glazed windows or split systems get into the frame, but what I saw was just great
it is quite possible that what is shown in the series is only a small part of what was really done, because in the Soviet Union, as in other matters and now in Russia, human life is not worth anything, everyone wants to cover their ass, no more. Nobody wants to be responsible for anything, the main thing is to show the top managers that you are not guilty of anything, but your subordinates are to blame This serie is beautiful produced and also the storyline and acteurs are very true to the history. Very interesting historic serie. I was to young when it happend but this serie tells the story so well from different angles that it made this and serie for your watchlist. Compliments to the art departement and the details. The series provides explanation for some facts in a very comprehensive way for general public.<br/><br/>The drama is felt as real and is easy to feel emphaty with the characters. Definitely a must watch. Impressive performance, story telling and production. Wish for an open society more than other things and be grateful if you are part of it. Before the series, I already knew about Chernobyl but when I watched the first episode I was suddenly transported back in time. I realized after the death of Stalin, lies are still bring crafted by the Soviet Regime. They are willingly sacrifice thousands of lives to protect the pride of their nation.<br/><br/>This series tells us that cover ups, lies, fake news has devastating consequences and people will do anything to cover up those truths. Politicians and corporations will do their best to craft lies for their personal interest and that is the gift of Chernobyl.<br/><br/>The current status of our world is like the Chernobyl reactor and the operators are the greedy politicians.<br/><br/>Believe what the scientists will tell you. Not just one but a consensus of scientists<br/><br/>Chernobyl is a blow to politicians, followers of fake news, science shamers and all related factors.<br/><br/>This is not just a docuseries. This is a show which the current status of society can relate to.<br/><br/>Search for the facts. The true facts. Do not be in denial. Chernobyl has provided a glimpse of how lies can kill. Just like Jarred Harris said the series can be related to man made Climate Change - there are liars, greedy politicians, manipulators. The world is a giant reactor waiting to explode if WE don't do anything.<br/><br/>That is the message of Chernobyl. When Chernobyl had its accident. I was around in 1986. To get to the mini series it is well written and it has a top notch cast. This is the Day After for the 21st century. It is not very often we will watch a show of this calibre. I know people are saying "how could this be rated higher than GOT or Breaking Bad?". I think the reason is simple; this was based on true events rather than fictional ones. You can craft fictional stories how you want to look good and be enjoyable. When you make a show based on actual fact it is much harder to make sure everything is right.
From the costumes to the buses to the firefighters helmets everything was replicated in the finest detail. Yes, I know their was some oversights like plastic windows which did not exist in the 1980's, but overall the filmmakers have done a remarkable jobs of recreating 1986 USSR.<br/><br/>I think it will be many moons before we see another show this good. Well done Sky and HBO Hbo did an amazing job. My first thought was that it wasent interesting untill i saw the ratings hur i tried and got completly hooked. The acting is so good. It's true the show is a success.
But mind you, the real story itself is rich by unusual and extraordinary events.
So, I might be exaggerating if I rate this work over 8.5. I remember this happening in 1986 in real life but was a teenager at the time and didn't really get the scope of what happened. Seeing this through the prism of being and adult is so affecting and overwhelming..., from realizing how close the whole planet was to experiencing the effects of this catastrophe to what the people (individually and collectively) went through in the places within the region this actually happened in. Decisions and trauma we can only imagine. Every single position played a part from the fire fighters to the engineers, miners.., to the doctors and nurses along with all the regular people..., families and pets..., wild animals and the government types who always make everything worse -- literally every single life form in at least the immediate area was impacted. Your brain can get overwhelmed if you think about it too much. In as far as the performances, cinematography, sound etc it was fantastic and hauntingly beautiful. Definitely recommend. I was on watch on the USS Orion in Sardinia Italy, when I was ordered to take an air sample. The air sample read very high and led to our team cleaning every air intake to remove the radioactive material from the ship. The series has been really spectacular. I wish the language was Russian. then you may be literally living in the event. I was exposed to radiation while watching the series. Everything comes at some cost, but only lies can cost you everything.<br/><br/>I cried at the ending sequence of the last episode, which is something, only 3 movies managed to do. End of Chernobyl mini series, ending of Saving Private Ryan, and recording of Sir Nicholas Winton being surprised by adults which once were kids, whom he helped to escape nazi occupied Czechoslovakia. Excelent, real, well performed. But if I have to choose which one is more addictive and exciting, sure Breaking Bad. 1986 ... I'm a teenager who loves Physics very much ... I was in shock when I learnt about the Chernobyl disaster from newspaper back then ... but not knowing much.<br/><br/>Now ... this series has been a great reminder to me of my fear backdated 33 years ago ...<br/><br/>Salute to the unsung heroes ... Educational value alone makes it a must watch.
Elegantly written, with tons of tension, terrific acting and best casting I saw in a long time. Even CGI was fantastic.
5 episodes was just enough, the only fault i could find was a bit bloated episode 4, where we were forced to watch uninteresting, irrelevant character undergoing some change. Would be a 9 or 10 with this 30 minutes deleted. Just super. Great actors, well written, looks authentic etc. When I saw the show I thought.. let's wait a bit. I have to admit I did not expect the high ratings, because I was quite sure, that was the reason to wait, it will be nothing more than NATO-crime syndicates propaganda. And as it looks like I was right as most of the time.. unfortunately..
Personal I remember the event very well. I also remember all the propaganda balloons blown out already at the time (very much comparable to what the west told the people about to the so called '1989 Tiananmen Square massacre'. Personal I remember that very well too.).<br/><br/>Film and TV for most of the lasts decades been dominated by the western propaganda machinery. Only goal of that machinery is to distort facts and glorify war, and when I look around the globe (most of my life I war traveling the globe) it works well.. very well..
So called planet earth, especially the so called western worlds, became an Idiocracy and I can't even blame the masters of this world for all of it. Most blame goes to the people who don't care about the next, only care about themselves. Prefer the convenient lie because it is.. well.. convenient. Societies centred on themselves in arrogance and ignorance.
And the masters of the cattle? They laugh and go on with endless war, killing, plunder and worse, much worse.
Only thing to hear from the cattle is complaining how 'poor' they are... Funny, isn't it? So excellent. A "must watch", if there ever was one. A sobering, remarkably directed, produced, and performed tale of human heroism, folly, and the repercussions of both. Excellent. Great ambient. Exciting! Good budget...........! I'll keep this short and simple....we cannot let the lies of the bureaucrats continue to silence the stories of their failures. I truly believe that this series should be shown to all undergraduate students of chemistry and physics in order to drive home the importance of integrity. It's a Great series
Thank you for this series
Thank you Hbo
I'm very happy for this end The best TV series true story .Actors 5/5 ðŸŒŸ ðŸŒŸ ðŸŒŸ ðŸŒŸ ðŸŒŸ.
Excellent....... I've been interested into Chernobyl for years but even if you know very little about it all, this series is absolutely gripping from start to finish! The events that took place and the reasons behind what caused it are just mind blowing. Certainly worth a watch Utterly compelling, the narrative was engaging, and the whole 5 hours looked as authentic as I could only imagine. If not for HBO this would be better in Russian with subtitles, but it in now way distracted from the performances. Eventhough you know the story from the beginning and there is no suspense what the end will be like,the atmosphere and the exact period footprint makes the series amazing to watch. Chernobyl HBO. Powerful. Visuals, dialogues, acting - the whole message is awfully powerful. And strangely so close to my heart. It just felt so right in so many ways.<br/><br/>True or not to real story?... I bet we will never know exactly.
One review says "shivers & tears". If you r not easily impressed you might skip the tears, but not the shivers. Entire screen time you get this whole range of emotions, not a single scene passes on a background.<br/><br/>All in all I'd rate it as an exquisite art work of a very talented team. The screenplay, the work behind (re-?)creating a storyline, the cast literally living it through, DOP, creative directors: the way the scenes were set & arranged... make up artists, costume designers... It's incredible.
I know often people search for flaws, goofs and how it was not right. In this case it will be vandalism to do so, I just want to savor the feeling of touching something GREAT. Outstanding program. I feel I now know a lot more about what happened. I remember watching this disaster unfold on tv in 86. Over the years haunting photos of the aftermath still surface decades later.<br/><br/>HBO along with a sharp script and top actors have produced this important and utterly unmissable mini series. It is terrifying, heartbreaking and so compelling. Watch it. Best drama all year, by some distance. Game of What? Show is based on real life incident which makes the show makers more responsible for showing the truth as much as possible. They did it right. Perfect, perfect, perfect. Past is illuminating, past is awaking from the dark to lighten the future. Thanks. I purposefully joined Imdb just to review this show. It is fantastic. It is very difficult to watch at times because you are both maddened and saddened simultaneously by the characters portrayed. The human stupidity versus human nobility and sacrifice are above and beyond anything I have ever watched on a TV program. It is very stark in its portrayal of this disaster, which gives it a reality that creeps into your bones and makes your flesh crawl. Wonderful performances from all actors, but Jared Harris, Stellan Skarsgard and Emily Watson are just superb. A must see for everyone. I always knew about Chernobyl, but these series really help to see the details of what exactly it was like. When you watch this it is really hard to believe that something like that could happen on Earth, but it is true.. Millions of people could die. Like what the heck are we doing to our planet?<br/><br/>These series do have very very gross and violent scenes, however mostly in episode 3.
The series were made tense and slightly depressing, but can't blame, it's life. Sadly...<br/><br/>Amazing series, but not something that absolutely glued me to the screen, so I give 8/10. Still great and definitely recommend. I knew the history, knew the science, knew the characters, knew the initial and long outcome... and was still on the edge of my seat for all five episodes. Honestly, when I heard about that film, my first thought was: "oh, great, another American film, which is going to represent the Soviet reality, another American super hero who is going to save the world, etc." But when I watched the film I was amazed. The film is so realistic. I haven't been born in 1986, but I'm interest in politics and history, and I know how Soviet policy worked, I am East European and trust me, that was the reality (in general). The acting is great, the storyline is realistic, the background is realistic and the impact is... amazing. I had not heard much about Chernobyl .This series is great.You have to see it . I am speechless.
This is the best TV show I've ever watched so far.
Everything is depicted with 100% accuracy: houses, people, cars, cloths, faces, and most important - the atmosphere!
Very highly recommended. The way actors acted is fantastic. The actors diverged into the core of the series perfectly. The budget is very good. All in all, the series is extremely high quality. This series was probably the most well written and acted series I have ever seen on television. The subject matter and it's handling were riveting and held me on the edge of my seat better than any horror film. Surprising to see such a stark portrayal of Socialism on HBO. Kudos to all involved. Should sweep the Emmy's next year. Hey showcased the whole incident in a great manner. I have to use this cliche: if you only watch one TV series this year, choose this. This was really good
Wise and beatifull
How horrible it may seem One of best series in the world
Every piece of the project was showing the heroic works of those who had nothing to do with politics I knew of Chernobyl but never really looked into it until this show. It's terrifying to watch and think about what these people must of went through and are still going through because of lies and secrets, so that the state could keep up their ideal image of soviet perfection. Very well done, and something that has stuck with me since the pilot. One of the best
A wonderful narrative to the story and an amazing acting with a strong charisma Brilliantly cast and well-documented, it really submerges you into those times and how the Communist apparatus worked. Good history lesson for those who have forgotten or never learned more about this disaster. Admirable work from all those involved, you did justice to the memory of all those people afffected! Binged watched the whole series and this episode stuck with me, the first episode is one of the most brilliantly crafted episode in the history. not falling behind the finale of breaking bad but quite equal. actors staff whoever was involved in this were able to show the monstrosity of an unseen force. you will feel captivated, you will feel be scared, you might know whats happening in the episode and the episode will take you beyond your imagination throwing you in a pit of unimaginable. it's like a godzilla movie but no godzilla in it and yet mutual feeling of destruction i watched the episode over and over and still not over it. How does an RBMK reactor core explode?<br/><br/>Lagasov after explaining(in court):-
"Thats how an RBMK reactor core Explodes". It's good...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
Very good Very Good series in this world drama and real good ................. Well ... If you will scroll down you'll only going see 10/10. This is because the show is a MASTERPIECE in itself. Every pleasing word i say is small compared to the show. The work done is absolutely flawless. I loved the show. I never rate things as a 10, and I have read many of the reviews especially from the people living close to Chernobyl at the time. I was 10 years old when I was in England and we saw it on the news, you could tell it was serious, talk of radioactive clouds coming over to the UK. Remembering my dad who was a nurse talking about it with, and he did not scare easily.<br/><br/>Everyone over the age of 45 can relate to this tragedy, because we all fortunately survived it, I know it sounds silly, but it could have been far worse.<br/><br/>The shows explains everything very simply so we can all understand it, but also shows us in great detail, not only how and why the explosion occurred and how they tried to covered it up.<br/><br/>For me it showed me how good people ( some of who did not know the true dangers) gave their lives to save society, by trying to stop dangers of the reactor spreading further. For that we all them all a great debt A show full of tension and energy. Must watch.It is a show based on the backdrop of chernobyl nuclear disaster,But focuses on humanity in times of absolute chaos and crisis Born in '73 in Romania. The reactor exploded two days after my 13-th birthday and we found out on the 30-st of april by rumors, then on the 2-nd of may we got an official statement from authorities, that will be better to wash thoroughly the fruits and vegetables (it was May, the trees were blossomed, no fruits or vegetables yet), and to stay mostly inside. Imagine kids forced to stay inside when the winter was over and the worm weather just begun. Being used to soviet and communist propaganda, we knew that the truth, when is not comfortable, is glazed in straight lies, and the accident is something serious, never before happened. Luckily Romania was not in the path of the fallout, but the 2000s have shown a lot of fertility issues in women born until 1990. The depiction of the event is accurate to the details of clothing and mentalities. People were living a made up fantasy at the time, that the state takes care of everything and we should not be concerned with things we do not understand. Just as the old city council "politruc" (slang for apparatchik, obedient communist politician) says in the first meeting in the bunker of the power plant. It is also grim to see the actors resembling very well the characters they play, especially Diatlov, Akimov, Brukanov, Fomin, and to good extend Shcherbina and Legasov. Stellan Skarsgard is stellar in his role as Shcherbina, the corrupt apparatchik that realizes the fuckup that will impact the whole world and becomes attached to professor Legasov for his dedication.
The irony of the final words of professor Legasov "what is the cost of lies" is that Kremlin and its propaganda smashes today, in 2019, the series as a lie and exageration, the truth being known only by the chosen ones up there. How I wish they created this in eight or nine episodes. Superb and incredible direction. Fantastic acting from the big stars to lesser knows actors - hats off. Kudos to all involved in the creation of this magnificent TV series. HBO always deliver the goods. An exceptional movie, an exceptional story from which we can learn about honor, courage and commitment to country, ideology and life itself and the battle between them inside of each person who lived those events. The sacrifice of the people, who gave their lives for us to live today, should never be forgotten. Thank you for that. Let me just start this review off by shouting at the top of my lungs, OH YEAH!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOO UH OOOOOOOOOO! As a native Briton I adore this lovely show and I'll be back for more, only real thing that could make it better is the characters could be far more complex. This is my review, you can like it or dislike it and at the end of the day records are there to be broken so I'll be happy if my records are broken. I specifically created an IMDb account so I could review this TV series. This. Is something special. I'm an American and have only thought of Chernobyl on occasion. 5 episodes. Possibly the greatest show ever created, on a meltdown in Chernobyl. How insane is that? I can't stress enough how well done this show is. If you can appreciate Avatar The Last Airbender as one of the greatest shows. This will not disappoint. It truly is a must see. Something of this nature should be shown in history classes. To demonstrate how costly a nation that lies can be. Everyone should watch this TV series. Everyone. Having seen the odd video and read the odd article, I had some idea of the devastation caused by this disaster, but this series encapsulates the horror and makes for some incredibly uncomfortable viewing at times. Those involved in creating this really have done an excellent job of illustrating just how close Chernobyl came to killing many more people, and did those involved in the brave and heroic actions that followed justice.<br/><br/>The series and films I enjoy the most often leave me pondering for some time after the credits roll, and this was no different. A truly horrific event, and sadly, it wasn't fictional. The ending monologue of the HBO's new miniseries was stunning. I think the show is a masterpiece that is conveying a deeper message than just showing what happened in the biggest nuclear disaster throughout the history but to show our inability to agree on facts apart from the political spin which has happened many times before and after that incident all around the world. These kind of problems are still ongoing and it costs us so much that no one even knows just how many people have paid the price with their lives. "Now I only ask, what is the cost of lies?"
They obviously didn't get everything right and still there are unknown facts about the incident so it's not a documentary but I think they've done a good job to stay close to the truth.
My rating: 9.5/10 This Miniseries was outstanding. From the writing to the acting, cinematography and everything in between it was great. A powerful story that shows how lies and ego can result in devastation. If you haven't already.......WATCH THIS NOW! Such a compelling series, left me very breathless at the end, and incredibly somber. This series is impeccably written and directed, with careful attention to every fact and detail. I can't reccomend this enough to anyone and everyone. This is straight-up story telling of the incident and the people who were responsible and those who responsibly responsible.<br/><br/>I wasn't sure if this show was for me... But after some mins of episode 1 I knew this is a going to be a brilliant watch. The direction and acting is of course pretty well... They focused on the topic and only shine the light on the incident and key elements that caused it... Very well done 👍 This is docudrama at its best. I was 15 when this happened and remembered it on TV. The after effects across Europe were staggering. Excellent cast portraying terrifying, shocking and upsetting scenes from a historic tragedy and depicts both life and death without pulling punches. Not to mention how it could have been so much worse if not for very brave if not ill informed people. A must watch. It was both shocking and unbelievable to see the events unfold. Everyone has heard of Chernobyl. Most have read about it and seen films and documentaries about it. This version is not only extraordinarily true to the facts available, but it's also devastatingly powerful in it's delivery if them. The actors played their parts marvelously. The director should and probably will win every award this season. This show is killing it with every thing !!
It is the best show ever !!
Wow
Wow
Wow
Wow
Wow !! Thoroughly enjoyable yet so painfully bleak. An absolute triumph of writing and production that has educated me and left me feeling desperate heartache for the people affected by this horrific disaster. This was by far the best thing I have ever watched from HBO production. Easily 10/10. It was worth every minute from first scene of first episode to epilogue in last episode. Time flew very fast while watching this masterpiece. Great set accurately portraying the era (all props, buildings, clothing... everything), excellent acting etc. but when you combine all of it with realization that these were real people and these things really happened and not that long ago... it is just wow. I seriously believe that this piece of art will be remembered in future as one of the greatest works in its genre.<br/><br/>I was using IMDB without registering for years but this show made me to made an account just so I could review it! 10/10. The most wonderful television series I saw my life is very wonderful I highly recommend this mini-series from HBO. The cast is amazing, the writing fantastic and the set (place) great! It is a bit of terryfying but it show real events. 10/10. The nice of this TV show its from a real story and they gave it tooo fantastic I enjoyed the film. If you are so engaged in events that really happend, why not to make a film about Nuremberg Trials or, for example, Operation Paperclip? Chernobyl is one of the greatest TV mini-series of all times from the cinematography point of view. However, I wish it was originated by the responsible old USSR Countries. That would be a great opportunity for them to express the truth to the world and to face their past. Considering the Countries of Origin (the USA and UK), it is hard to believe that the content of the story is entirely clean. Felt like there were dirty information, and the real truth was still missing. A fantastic program that keep you gripped from first scene and well worth a watch. However to say this is better than Breaking Bad is just ridiculous, It's not in the same league. It pulled me in and once in that horrible and fascinating "piece of time".
Been a long time since a tv show affected me this strongly, wasnt sure if it was a 10 but figured if this isnt then when am i ever going to pull out the 10. I remember the Chernobyl disaster happening but didn't realise how much worse it could have been and how many people risked their lives to avert further catastrophe. This series is the best thing I have seen for a long time, the acting, sets, cinematography etc is top notch and the way they ratched up the tension and made you realise that most of the characters we were seeing were going to die within a very short period of time made you grateful for their sacrifice but also angry at the states complete indifference to the safety of these brave people (you could not imagine any western country sending their people into an area that potentially was full of deadly radiation in just their shirt sleeves !) The way the Russian government seemed only interested in keeping facts from the West rather than admit any negligence was chilling. Highly recommended. Quite possibly one of the best things I have ever seen! Amazing and fascinating at the same time. Inn not one to make accounts to give reviews to movies/series' but this was something else with a gripping but ACCURATE plot of what went on between April 26 1986-1988 I must say I wish I could forget it all and watch it again because it was amazing.
I have booked a trip to Kiev where I will travel to Chernobyl as one of the days only because of the series<br/><br/>
Ps I have read some of the 1* reviews and it seems like they have missed the point of the show so I will clarify some main points
1. Yes there is no Russian accents but this is because it makes it easier to understand what they're saying and what is going on instead of missing main parts or smaller but still significant parts but I personally didn't mind one bit
2. Emma Watson who played ulana is a fictional character made to represent the 100s of people in Chernobyl with out it being complicated and again hard to follow.
3. The possibility of a thermonuclear explosion at the plant due to the water was a real threat faced by the people of Chernobyl and Europe.<br/><br/>
I hope this helps and hope you enjoy this show as much as I did This is an amazing show, so we'll written, cast, directed, and shot. How the lies carried on for so long, and the arbitrary nature of the response by the Russian government is frankly terrifying. If the show comes even a quarter of the way to being totally accurate, it's still mind blowing. How this happened is so scary, and all because of Soviet obsession with keeping the costs down.
A must watch. There's nothing I could say here that hasn't already been covered in many other user reviews. I created an IMDB account solely to comment on this masterpiece. Band of Brothers was always my benchmark of how a film should be done...and it's still in rarefied air. However - Chernobyl sits at the very top now. This is simply the best, most gripping, intense, most haunting, emotional, and best acted series / film I've ever seen. The final episode is the single greatest hour of television I've personally ever seen and I'd imagine many have the same feelings.<br/><br/>Another user recently wrote this "Chernobyl" has told us a story we all know, but has told it in such a perfect way it's like we've never heard it before."<br/><br/>Couldn't have said it any better. This series is too powerful for words and accolades. Cinema perfection 10/10 from start to finish. In my view this is a work of art, the immersion is so deep that feels real, I could feel the drama, the pain and the frustration of those people.
This event is exactly like the disease it cause, the cancer.
It was just a fire, nobody was hurt, everything was fine. After a while they could feel something is wrong but everyone was still fine, they've been told it's ok THEN the hell broke loose and nobody could do anything untill it was too late. This TV series is finally a well done. I do not like TV series a lot, in all my life I have only recommended Breaking Bad and ... Chernobyl. Yes, you must go for it.<br/><br/>Three plots in parallel, a state in decay, the political one, another, the nuclear accident, the radiation and its effects, and the third one, the people, the pain. All three well balanced, no excess at all, but clear.<br/><br/>Technical details well explained, not difficult to undertand. The right pace, the right set. I hate series when they are longer than needed, this is not the case: 5 episodes, no less, no more.<br/><br/>Real recordings. Lead, geiger counters, radiation burns,... And the final episode closes it amazingly well: I do not know how many times I have been through wikipedia, videos, webpages, forums, and there you have a guy explaining it so simply, playing with stupid color plastic chips...<br/><br/>Dress, scenarios, performances... And the main characters, main actors. great job.<br/><br/>I will never give a 10 to anything in my life, but this one, if so, this would be my 10. A short secret, I have seen all episodes at least twice in 5 days :). The last episode already 4 times? Verry well documentated, great actors, great filming technique! This miniseries is likely the best 5 hours or so of television you will ever watch. A harrowing, gritty, and most importantly REALISTIC and largely accurate representation of the historical and investigative accounts of one of the greatest tragedies in modern history. A few chronological narrative modifications and the downplay of some political accountability aside, likely out of respect and sensitivity towards parties involved both living and dead, the crew and production team handled the telling of this story with a great deal of respect and attention to detail, consistently capturing the intrigue and drama that shaped this man-made disaster. Absolutely bravo. HBO may be able to redeem themselves for the fiasco they made of Game of Thrones yet! This ranks right beside True Detective season 1 as some of my favourite HBO yet! Moving, thought provoking and excellently produced. Brilliant cast.
One of the best things I've seen in a while. It also really stays with you.
I knew chernobyl was bad but I never realised how much worse it could have been. It is really hard moments I'm very sad for them and humans beings thanks for God to save others people's life's and destruction ruler and suwefit system This series is so good it almost transports you back to the 80's it's just incredible & Jared Harris sounds so much like his father (the legendary Richard Harris) it's scary...please put down what your doing & watch this...it better win every award it's up for 10/10 My Personal Rating - 9.2/10<br/><br/>The cinematography, the acting, the atmosphere and the writing. And the depiction of the 1980's Soviet Era world. All are so brilliantly executed. My most favorite is the last episode where i had chills down my spine all the way through. Definitely recommended for people who are really interested to the Chernobyl Incident. And you know what? Even for people who aren't. Because this TV Show would make them interested to the topic itself.<br/><br/>A very good relief from my huge disappointment from Game of Thrones Finale indeed. I honestly wanted more. But then i realized the way they ended it is just brilliant and very memorable. I'd rather have that instead. I want more Mini Series from the writers and directors of this show.<br/><br/>Pros:<br/><br/><ul><li>Great Atmosphere</li><li>Great Cinematography</li><li>Great Acting by the casts especially Legaslov and Boris Scherniba</li><li>Great Writing</li><li>Well Detailed Explanation of Some Complicated Stuff About The Nuclear Reactor</li></ul><br/><br/>
Cons:<br/><br/>To be honest so far in my own opinion. Probably none. But maybe i can add in the way that it's boring for some people who are getting bored easily by a cinematography that focuses on immersion and atmosphere and well detailed explanation dialogues of something complicated. Definitely not the case for me and most people here though.<br/><br/>
Rating On Each Aspect<br/><br/>
<ul><li>Story: 9/10</li><li>Cinematography: 9/10</li><li>Atmosphere: 9/10</li><li>Soundtrack: 7/10</li><li>Acting: 8.5/10</li><li>Dialogue: 8.5/10</li></ul> Please it will never be as good as GOT or Breaking Bad . And certainly 9.7 is way too much Great cinematography! Takes us back into 1980s and Soviet Union era. Brings up the horrifying truth of biggest man made disaster in the history. It is not horror show but yet it is unsettling and difficult to watch because of the haunting dark truth, the background score, and dramatization of actual, real-life horror experienced by thousands of people. Everyone should watch it to understand the history and how human scientific inventions could go wrong to destroy the life on the earth! It is just perfectly done. HBO can make great works when they don't have the greed of views.<br/><br/>Great. Probably the best series I have ever seen for a while. The greatest thing I have seen it in my life
Everything was perfect
actors
Director
representation
Choose places
Dialogues
The way of conveying truth and feeling
it Worth the best I honestly cant see how they could have improved this. I was hooked within the first 15 minutes. The acting was superb and the filming was excellent. I was 26 when Chernobyl exploded. At the time I never realised how serious it actually was and how it could have been even worse if it hadn't been for the bravery of some of the men involved. Absolutely brilliant. One of the most watch TV series of 2019. From the high-level of detail, the terrific pacing, to the wonderful acting, what more can one ask for. I was 15 when Chernobyl happened and I never understood the gravity of the situation till this series immersed me in the facts. Truly thought provoking. Kudos to all who made this happen, esp Jared Harris who created such a powerfully complex character. I was sceptical at first but so glad I stuck with it. Chills of just how close we came to a total nuclear meltdown in the Soviet hemisphere!<br/><br/>Spoiler Alert! Spoiler Alert! Spoiler Alert! Spoiler Alert! Spoiler Alert! Spoiler Alert! Spoiler Alert! Spoiler Alert! Spoiler Alert!<br/><br/>And while the female nuclear scientist was a fictional character, comprised of a team of nuclear scientist assisting the lead scientist in detaining cause, it's none-the-less chilling at how close we came to having a different world today! Lastly, imagine the facts of this event: 1,000 square miles in the "exclusion zone" - land uninhabitable for at least hundreds of years! The Russian "official" death toll: 31. Facts uncovered show that figure as high as 93,000. And as much as 400,000 people 'temporarily' displaced - to this day! This story shows us how the people of Chernobyl overcome the terrible situation of 1986 Chernobyl nuclear explosion. This miniseries shows exactly how the situation was and what did Valery Legasov, Mr. Boris, the government and many other people who put their life at stake, do to prevent the radiation of the nuclear explosion from leaking widely to the outside world. I can't really think of the difficulties, the people of the Chernobyl and around Chernobyl went through.. I feel sorry for the people who suffered horribly and also for the many thousands of people who died horribly years after the incident.<br/><br/>As you can see, Ulana Khomyuk is just a fiction character created by the HBO studio representing many number of scientists who helped Legasov with his work, which made the story much more interesting.<br/><br/>This will be a rememberance of the real heroes who put their life at stake and also died due to radiation for their family and other people of Chernobyl.<br/><br/>I liked how HBO made it into an interesting story of the horrible incident which was also full of thriller and suspense. For Chernobyl ! One of the best mini-series this year. I remember the accident back in the 80's and the news never explained what actually happened. Riveting and captivating to watch. The only negative I would give is the English accents. Stellen Skarsgard steals the show; his performance comes across as being the most Russian and they way I remember Russians under the Soviet regime. The other English accents take away from the authenticity as it would have been better to have more Russian accents. HBO has produced some of the best mini-series in television history and they might have outdone them all with Chernobyl. Visually, it's hauntingly beautiful. Colors have been washed out to further add to its overall sense of dread. The ending sequence of each episode stays with you for days. Acting is superb and Jared Harris should receive serious Emmy consideration for his role. After watching episode 5 of Chernobyl, I am genuinely disappointed there will be no more episodes of this television masterpiece.<br/><br/>How good is it? This is my first IMDB review and I created an account just to review this show. A great television work. It has a political aspect, but from a technical point of view, the tragic incident was a wonderful work of art Spellbinding from start to finish. Fantastic writing and acting...the relationship between Staarsgard's and Harris's characters in particular was brilliant. When Staarsgard's character finally admits that he was only ordinary, but had stood with great people, after mocking and belittling Harris in earlier scenes- a truly moving drama. But this is fact, not fiction. The absolute power of the SV is interwoven throughout, narrating a tragedy that reflects human and government failure at it's greatest level. I will remember this series, this storytelling, for a long time. '79 Romanian born and couldn't believe how good this show was. No point in adding to the praise, just hopeful that our kids, 20 something years from now, don't watch a similar show entitled "Fukushima". I pray no lies were fed to us about that. But I urge you to have a look at what Japans minister had to say about nuclear power. I've read most of the reviews and couldn't help but notice that the Chernobyl incident is taught to people working in such power plans. Maybe there is hope, but when you build such plants in an earthquake prone country says something very different.Also, what this show doesn't explain is what happens with the byproducts of such nuclear power plants and their usage. I believe that Chernobyl is of extreme importance and relevance these days. Actually, given the current state of the world, the environment, and all ecological systems, it's perhaps the most relevant TV show of the century, and it should be considered and discussed as such in schools, universities, parliaments, companies, institutions, organizations - as a political and ecologic message/statement for all the damage that entire nations, corporations, and people are mercilessly inflciting to the planet Earth, our home, and all the beings that live in it. It should because we don't seem to have learnt much from our mistakes in the past.<br/><br/>It's terrifying to see how much we still underestimate the cost of our lies, how we bury our heads in the sand, as we watch the world falling victim to our habits, our recklessness, our greed, our ignorance. Our arrogance too - just like in Chernobyl. "Why worry with something that will never happen?" The problem is when things do happen, and incidents like Chernobyl occur, shaping forever the future of the world as we know it. Sometimes, irreversibly. "Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth.Sooner or later that debt is paid". We should understand that the later it is, the higher the price will be. Just because we keep pretending and telling lies to ourselves, ignoring the fact that the world is dying because of human impact, it doesn't mean and should never mean that it's not happening and that we can afford to keep living without making any changes. Because it is happening. The signs and facts are all out there. And even if it is not for ourselves, at least let it be for the generations of our children and grandchildren. Chernobyl happened and serves both as an horrific tragedy in the world's and human history, and as a scary reminder that hundreds of other more subtle but equally serious human caused tragedies are still happening each day, based on lies that cost lives. This is a terrifying reminder that Chernobyl can repeat at any time in any part of the world. Must-watch! Everything about this show is perfect and everything about what happened is heartbreaking and infuriating. I created an IMDb account just to review this show. I cannot rate it high enough. Amazing from start to finish. LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT! It's the highest rating show on IMDB for a reason. Absolute masterpiece. The Chernobyls series are so real and show us the cost of each lie. Before i watched the series i had some concerns that they will be full of political propaganda , but when i watched the first episode i was pleased that the only propaganda was the propaganda of the truth from the human point of view. We have to remember the sacrifice of these human beings who gave their lives and health to minimize the consequences of this horrible disaster. That's how good it is. Unbelievable acting, unbelievably written, unbelievably accurate. A harrowing, disturbing series, which some how has you on the edge of your seat, glued to the screen, even with little actual action. Very disturbing, but amazingly performed.<br/><br/>A masterpiece. Please watch this Chernobyl id the best programme I have watched in a number of years. It was pitched just right with the locations, atmospheric, casting and the story telling to highlight this horrible incident in a dramatic and sensitive way. What a depiction of a historic real life disaster. Casting, editing, performances. All quality. I usually don't write reviews, but the need to give this series a 100/10 is big. One of the best amd impressive series i have watched!! Chernobyl was amazing to watch. Highly recommended! Should be watched as a double bill with Death of Stalin Very nice, so beautiful series, very very nice ksjdsjdjkejdjdjsjjsjdjsjdkdk "Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later that debt is paid. And to be a scientist is to be naive. We are so focused on our search for the truth we fail to consider how few actually want us to find it. But it is always there whether we see it or not, whether we choose to or not. The truth doesn't care about our needs or wants, it doesn't care about our governments, our ideologies, our religions. It will lie in wait for all time. And this at last is the truth about Chernobyl. Where I once only cared about the cost of truth, I now only ask what is the cost of lies."<br/><br/>This truly deserves all the hype it has been receiving over the past few weeks. It's more horrifying than all horror movies solely due to the fact that it's just a dramatization of actual, real-life horror stories experienced by millions of people not very long ago.<br/><br/>Let it be a reminder that sycophancy, incompetence, dictatorship, delusional national pride and most of all lying comprise the formula for absolute, disastrous failure.<br/><br/>The story is surreal, the acting is superb, the drama is on point, the cinematography is breathtaking and the atmosphere is so realistic, it's intense, vehement, just so convincing. And surprisingly enough, it's very informative, I felt as if I was being schooled without being bored! Depicting the real life consequences of actual "fake news".
The power of life and death through propaganda, makes this series incredibly relevant in today's world.
Stunning and haunting cinematography. The writing, is driven with a respect for the hero's history forgot or more accurately, purposefully erased. All captured by powerful yet subtle performances. A must watch for everyone. They must be eliminated for what they did..
10/10 for series I have just finished watching the final episode of Chernobyl.
It is hard underestimate just how much this series engaged me; from other reviews I am not alone.
The writer, Director and Actors managed what is one of the most rare audience reactions - a total suspension of disbelief. It was as though I was stood beside the main characters, as the drama unfolded
The use of black and white to heighten the atmosphere of hopelessness, the universal facial expressions of all on screen, not one betraying the climate of decades of oppression, not living but surviving, the elite - floating through the devastated landscapes as though they weren't really there, the proletariat - ignored by the elite, brainwashed by party ideologues, yet still having the courage and spirits to fight and knowingly be sacrificed for a greater good.
The series conveyed as much insight into the Soviet state as it did into the explosion itself.
I would tend to agree with Gorbachev in the closing credits - Chernobyl tolled the bell for the death of the Soviet Union.
In dramatisation, crafting, presentation and acting - I would place Chernobyl as one of the finest series
Broadcast. It informed, engaged, impassioned and ultimately inspired its audience.
I would place Chernobyl among one of the Classics of the broadcasting media This show give the true understanding nature of the Soviet Union at 1980.. Lagasov is the legend who saves billions of life at that time and also afterwards I remember that radioactive cloud passing above us when we're all at the celebration in the weekend before Labor day 1986. We were asking about that black cloud and no rain falling from it. One wek later we start to receive iodine. I guess because of that level of radiation there are many more people died from cancer , malformations, thyroid gland and so on all over the eastern Europe than the movie said, and the effects continue... The best series ever, i recommnend everyone to watch it! It will blow your mind A perfect miniseries!
As the decade is ending it's essential to give a closure that the viewers deserves.<br/><br/>None would've thought that the Director like Craig Mazin who mostly works in a comedy sector will pull out a serious drama serious like this.<br/><br/>It's without a doubt a must watch that everybody should see once in a lifetime. I cannot recommend this series enough! Amazing screenwriting, perfect actors. It's a masterpiece, love it! But i have a problem and one question. Is in fourth episode any graphic content of radiaton injuries? Cuz, i watch third episode and looking at this two men in hospital makes me... Well you know... I can't sleep. Thanks for answers. Chernobyl is information.chernobyl is learning. Chernobyl is knowledge, chernobyl is wisdom... and no series will give you that.I would have never known about chernobyl this clear. Absolutely realistic, clinging eerie mood created and shows us the depth of the seriousness it in every frame.
I would put chernobyl on top of every series i have seen. Every other series entertains with usual stuff like fantasy,action,comedy.... but chernobyl without any of that is able to give something else i don't know how to describe. I cried in third episode, i have never in my life did it before a screen.
Amazing passionate crew behind this mini series. They have really hardworked for every information.i suggest everyone to watch alone. Watching it with more than two people will result in the impact you get from it. Thanks to HBO,for another masterpiece to showing us part of horrible disaster of Chernobyl ,its cost of lie for incont people who lives there,for next generations. Fellas, this series should be on the top of your watching list. This series not only describes past event, the one of the most "Disastrous" event that happened in the history of mankind.
Don't get confused, it's not a documentary, its a series, wonderfully performed and well executed. Truly Deserves the number one spot Undoubtedly the best miniseries I have ever seen.congrats HBO you've done it time and Time again.
Hauntingly beautiful to say the least What a show man simply awesome i highly recommend this show.the lead actors gave a brilliant performance and the story telling was amazing.hbo done once again<br/><br/>
ONE HELL OF A SHOW .BANG Didn't know about this disaster . I'm literally shocked . Just finished the last episode I'm in tears The way HBO has portrayed Chernobyl its incredible in its own way of detailing. This is something that people will remember. Never in my life have I written a IMDB review, or any review for that matter. But this reflection of the disaster that happened Chernobly is so powerfull that I had to write one. I globally new what happened at Chernobly, but not like this.<br/><br/>I've seen a great deal of TV Shows, some better then other. But this one is special, special in a way like BoB is special. The whole atmosphere created by HBO is so damn good, its is indescribable. It feels like you're in Chernobly itself. At the end of the last episode the consequences and the aftermath are shown in a few shots from the real world. It moved me to tears. Throughout the whole show you cant stop wondering if some things are made up or not. I cought myself thinking (more then a few times) this cannot be real? Turns out....<br/><br/>Truth is stranger then fiction.<br/><br/>Go watch this ASAP Chernobyl has been a perfect 10/10 TV series doing justice to the heroes and setting records straight for true villians of a terrible disaster ..acknowledging how convinently we find people to blame when the accountability need to be set on the system which produces them. Craig Mazin and team has created a masterpiece thats gonna last for ages to come.. A series finale, Episode 5 courtroom testimony worthy nothing short of an emmy by @jaredharris
Its gripping yet lucid way of telling a story, narrating incidents of people directly affected by the tragedy but most importantly how the innate nature of erstwhile USSR was built on protecting their lies even in the face of adversity.
As they sum up wonderfully
"Our secret and our lies are practically what define us. When the truth offends we lie and lie until we can no longer remember if it is even there.. but it is still there.
Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth, sooner or later, the debt is paid . That is how a RBMK reactor core explodes . Lies." This is so horrifiyingly good in every way. And if you Think you know the story, you will stille be suprised! I have been fascinated by this accident since i was a child. I was 9 years old when Chernobyl reactor 4 exploded, and i lived in Norway, right in the path of the nuclear cloud.<br/><br/>Over the years i have read about the disaster and seen documentaries. Everything i could to learn all there was to learn from this event. So when i heard that HBO were going to release a mini series about it i could barely keep my excitement. I hoped for a show as realistic as possible, and we got exactly that.<br/><br/>This show is actually incredibly accurate. Though not everything is. There are at times necessary to add some pieces or simplify details to make it more viewer friendly, and it's how this is done, that matters. Some times creators of a show goes to far in this and it ruins everything, but in this show it is done properly, and it keeps the realism of the disaster at point.<br/><br/>I think that two of the episodes in this series are 10/10. One of the episodes are 8/10. Two episodes are 9.5/10. This for me makes this a 10/10 show and one of the best mini series of all time, probably only surpassed by Band of Brothers and Das Boot.<br/><br/>I'm not going to write a review of this show, plenty of people have. What i will do is tell you to see it. See it now!<br/><br/>10/10 - Brilliant I've been a member of IMDb for over a decade. I've rated thousands of movies and shows but I have never written a review before. This miniseries was so incredibly well made, haunting, and horrifying that I had to write something. The acting was top notch, the direction was excellent, the writing, the effects, the cinematography, the editing... all of it was just so amazingly well done. If there is one thing that is a stand out among all of the incredible work done, it's the music. The score for this series is indescribably haunting and powerful. What a remarkable achievement. Really just came here to give it a 10 star review. Great show would recommend. I think what i want to say first is thank you all who make this series. This was just a wild ride for a guy who doesnt know anything about chernobyl expect that it "explodes".<br/><br/>All the people who risked their lives for saving other people thank you. All the workers, miners, scientist, liquidators and firefighters.<br/><br/>Now for my review. This is something that i review as a perfect score. Why? Because when i watch something movie or a tv-show about something that happened In the past i want it to be realistic and oh boy it was. I have friends who lived in soviet back in the day and they say its insanely accurate. Every detail is spot on(ofc not the language but i dont care. All i care about is the story and athmosphere). And this is just first of my praise for this show. The acting and the writing is just pitch perfect. There is nothing that i can complain about that. Music is haunting and beautiful at the same time. Master work. You feel every emotion In the soundtrack. Its like youre watching art trough your tv-screen or something.<br/><br/>I consider breaking Bad for beeing the best tv show off alltime 10/10 and GOT well they failed.. so no.. But people cant say that well chernobyl is better than BB or worse because they are 2 different things. Two different shows. Two different 10 perfect scores. This show was a masterpiece. Theres nothing more i can say about that.<br/><br/>Also thank you for our director and writer for crafting something beautiful. Work of art. And thank you HBO for this miniseries i hope that we get to see more these kind of shows In future. And i think we will. Chernobyl and band of bothers is the proof of that. One Last thank you (again) for showing me the real heros of our time and what happened in Chernobyl. I'm from India just now completed watching Chernobyl it's is best mini series I have seen since una bomber and making a muderer "Lies incure a debt to the truth!" This series will grab you deep in theough chest and turn your insides. I can't get over how amazing it is. After the first episode I wondered how it can possibly get better, then it does. It delivers right to its very end! I love it! Completely riveting, edge of your seat entertainment. As many have said, the depiction of Soviet life is not only ultra-authentic, it most likely surpasses what the post-Soviet block could have produced itself. I was 6 at the time in Soviet Ukraine. This is the life I remember.<br/><br/>This is also a timely lesson in why you defer to the experts instead of screaming "fake news", which in fact what happened at first. However, even the Soviet bureaucracy with all its secrecy and lies, succumbed to the gravity of the disaster and listened to the people that knew the matter best. The alternative was ruined half of Europe for centuries.<br/><br/>There is also a companion podcast explaining all the choices made. The composite character female scientist, the use of "comrade". Some decisions were made to make this more digestible for Western audiences, but it does not alter the generality of what happened. Ignore the nit-pickers - this is outstanding work. Some things that were hard to verify didn't even make it to the show. Some super-gruesome things also were cut. We were spared the most traumatizing imagery, in fact. Very well made and lots of details but their story telling is not fantastic and it loses appeal the further through the series you go. During the 80's we lived with the threat of nuclear war with the Cold War raging between USA and the USSR, Europe stuck in the middle. We were even shown a public information film about the effects of a nuclear bomb and what radiation would do to you at school!!!! So watching the Chernobyl accident on the news when I was 16 I knew exactly how the radiation would be effecting the people. Now at almost 50 this series is truly horrifying, yet compelling. Even my young work colleagues are fascinated by it, however they have been brought up with "the only tell you what they want you to know" and fake news so it's a wake up call for us all. I visited Chernobyl last year which was harrowing enough but to have it brought to life like this is incredible! Everything about this is outstanding. Just don't stand viewing all the reviews with the fear it would reveal o pumped-up series like GOT. Go and watch this masterpiece without any doubt. It's incredibly well made ! Todays in less series we watch real shots real places and even real voice and accent , this series contain a heavy cinamtography and martial art . well done Very good film . hbo made a good decision to make a movie like catastrophal eveniment of Cernobyl. I am in awe of this programme, it is uncomfortable to watch at times due to the situations that the characters find themselves in. The way that it portrays the different ways in which the characters deal with the circumstances and try to cope with those who they love who've in turn been affected by it all the way to the governments ways in which they try to keep people calm. It really is a harrowing, unmissable drama. I love true stories but this one little bit scary with everything happening in the world and we know less than we think we know i hope that we are not effected by this event .humans should be more careful in future The first stone-toll was dangerous...the first made-fire...the first plough...That was, for few people around, I think ! Nowadays, we're on a downward spiral of suicidal behavior, as a species. Another few more Chernobyl-like incidents will not wipe us out. We're clever and inventive, but not enough to escape our final fate ! Remeber that "Pale Blue Dot" syntagm of Carl Sagan ? There's no God or law of physics that needs us here, in this specifically part of the Universe. The "Pale Blue Dot" might still be there for many long time after we've committed suicide as humankind :( Can't wait to watch it on OSN Series First on June 3rd. To be honest, I was not expecting anything like this when I first opened the show. Everything about this show is remarkable. There are only a few series that everyone must see, and this show is one of them. A worthwhile show that is both entertaining and informative! Amazing and would recommend to others. Also would recommend nonfiction book "Voices from Chernobyl" for those who wish to learn more about the impact of the crisis on the people. I am always looking for real life stories being told through miniseries. This is one of those.
I liked the performances and the recreation of the places and characters.
Highly recommended for series lovers.
Definitely a 10 rating!! This miniseries is absolutely fantastic in every possible way. It is not easy to depict one of the greatest man made disasters on the screen but the entire cast have done outstanding work.
I only knew very less about this incident and this show has done amazing in explaining all the details involved about this incident.
Kudos to all the fire fighters , miners, soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the betterment of the society. My prayers to all the families who suffered from this incident.
This show also reminds us that no matter how much technically advanced we are , we can never mess with nature. I don know what to tell. Each piece ends up in the same effort for me to hold my tears .<br/><br/>But there is something else I saw in it.
I saw that the west CAN apprehend it and get it right - everything about what happened in Soviet systems and in souls of people of a very different culture without much bias and other popular but disconnected interpretations .<br/><br/>"It simply cannot be" I was thinking when scrolling through the list of credits that did not contain many Russian names. "How did they manage to get all that deep without them?"
This brilliant crew should be consulting politians and instititions, stategic groups, anyone whose job is to learn from other society collapses and to direct and to prevent this from happening to our own next generations.
What is more I read reviews and comments from people around the world also getting what authors were trying to say.<br/><br/>In other words, I saw the West can get it deep, can see the problem at its root without stereotypes, typical tagging and easy classifications.
In that sense, for me, this whole film is a flash of light in the darkness of my expectations about our future.
Oh, yes we can! What the f ... It is it's too awesome the cast, the story line, the people who work too hard to make it too realistic ...too good.. worth watching The Chernobyl series does not have human pain and issues. i suggest the following book: Voices from Chernobyl by Svetlana Alexievich. A must watch for all humans to know what we have made it in the name of Nuclear power State, and what if we can't control it. And no wonder why Oppenheimer committed suicide after Hiroshima attack. Just imagine it was just one reactor that blew off, and don't know exactly how many Nuclear power states in our planet, If war ever happens in future between states like before just imagine the disastrous scale of it by watching this miniseries. Brings you to a time when you watched the news and never thought twice about what you were listening to.This superb drama tells you everything that went on and how close millions were to be evaporated from the earth for thousandas of years.
The costumes, characters and the sets transport you back to the days and the acting is first class if you watch this you will learn and i would expect re think your energy preferences for today and the future.I sat down and watched the first three episodes one after the other not moving for 3 and a half hours and as i write this awaiting the fianl installment to be aired.I see its rated the highest show ever on the IMDB and si it should be theses films mini serioes are all well and good for entertainment ,your GOT etc but this programe Chernyobl is real and real is and was scary. 15/10 if i could give it. From the first episode, fully enthralled. Factually accountable for the horrific nature of the disaster, filming locations are key. Amazing how a great power can hide one of the world's greatest disasters Well be talking about this for thousands of years . The directing , the writing and the cast is very good almost perfect show waiting for the end to watch this awesome show It will take your attention with many simple thinGs ... nice To waTch... After game of thrones, i started to watch this series. I never thought this series would be soo grasping. Trust me, it would be entirely worthful to watch. I bet you will be fully satisfied and get connected to the story. Wonderful direction, screenplay, writting etc.
Every episode is so good and leaves you in wanting more. This series is very special to everyone obviously, I love the incredible effort to make it authentic and I don't have a problem with the language either. It actually makes sense they don't speak with a Russian accent, because now it looks as though they speak their native language, not like Russians trying hard to speak English. The only thing for me that ruins it for me a bit and I am surprised no one has commented on this, is the mixing of facts in timeline. It was just false depiction because some events (newscasts, outside world reactions,..) where displayed later and some earlier as if they occured at the same time to make it more dramatic. They even just lied at some points because of the timeline mixing. And that bothered me as someone who knows this disaster inside out. And kind of makes me sad it undermines all the effort to make it as real as possible. But still nothing can take away the Tchernobyl experience as if you were there. And I will rewatch this because of the authenticity, once all episodes have aired. I think they should make something (season 2 maybe) about the events leading up to the disaster as well. I really like this show. It is done very well and you learn a lot of things from it. I can't think of one area to fault the series so far, acting, casting, costume, cinematography, all come together to make a believable Soviet atmosphere. It should be noted that some elements are dramatised, and some characters are fictional, though this is for the sake of good (or great) television. Masterpiece, even in 3 episodes outings this show stuck to my brain and throat. If u want to know what happened in Chernobyl, u must see this series. Just watch it.Thru the whole series it was like i was in there, it is made so good , u are under pressure the whole time.All the actors are amazing. OMG the fact that is a true story of something happened in our life is crazy
But they did it so well so can really see and feel and understand the things that they have been through
I'm so sorry for every single person he lost or one of his family because of this tragedy matters
Good saved us all Hello from Belarus. May be because of that I am pessimist. I sad to say, but I think right now we are building material for next episode, that will called Ostrovets.
Sorry for that, but belarussian people is not able to do anything with that. Really really cool but why British accents? Can't get passed that for some reason. I will keep this really simple one of the best TV shows my wife and I have ever seen this is an absolute must watch!<br/><br/>Highly recommended! As always, new and distinguished work from HBO and this network has provided us with many wonderful series such as game of thrones and other beautiful works The mini series is absolutly amazing, i watched 3 series and the story of the chernobyl is bigest modern wilming i ever seen. this is so great! thank you HBO Best thing i watched on hbo and one of my favorite serials... Im not going to say much.. Just sit down and watch this! I have been watching this from episode 1 and am awe struck. Its terrifying, horrifying and amazing all in one. Cant recommend it enough. Must watch!! Amazing production and fabulous mini-series. This is a must watch! This film is so interesting for me, because we are living in almost the neighbour country. And I was a little kid on that time... Iwould like to know whats happened then. From the first episode to where I am now episode 3 I'm hooked. The acting, the scenery and the story telling are superb. Have not stopped telling people how good this, a must watch. What can I say? 'Chernobyl' is true television at its finest. From the unrelenting tension that carries from the first minute of the first episode, to the stunning cinematography work that captures the nightmare of Chernobyl. It is a must-see, if not for the story then for the harrowingly realistic account of the closest event to apocalypse mankind has ever seen. Outstanding. There are little bit Western propaganda but is still excellent show😎😎😎 The reality and importance of the story make it an important I've always found the Chernobyl incident fascinating because a lot of things had to go wrong in order for the accident to happen, and this show explores everything that happened. I also think that it happened in a very unique and interesting time period and place, the soviet Union during the Cold War. The ideals of the people and the structure of the government and society were completely different from our western culture, and I find it really interesting. This show nails the atmosphere of that time period and treats the subject with respect. The lies of the government, the sacrifice of the liquidators, the pursue of the truth by cientists and investigators, the suffering of the civilian population that were completely unaware of the consequences of the accident... The Ost is subtle but disturbing at the same time and perfectly complements everything that is happening on screen. In conclusion, terrific job from the writers, the director and all the team responsible for this mini series about one of the worsts accidents in human history.