I had seen the movie's trailer beforehand but didn't have high expectations from this one. I am happy to report I was wrong. The movie is funny, witty and thoroughly engrossing. I wasn't bored for a minute, thanks to the snappy dialogue and crisp editing and direction. 
I must admit I only decided to watch it cuz' of the big names like Luc Liu & Tae Diggs, and though both of them played their characters of A**hole bosses convincingly, but it's the primary couple of Zoey Deutch & Glen Powell that makes you fall in love with them. Even the supporting actors cast in bit roles like the coffee shop waiter, the elevator guy and the gay best friend played their roles perfectly. I found my self constantly laughing out loud.
All in all, it was a very enjoyable film that all rom-com lovers will enjoy. It has some fantastic one-liners and generally great dialogue and chemistry between the leads. I was especially happy seeing Zoey Deutch in a movie that deserves her. I've always found her charming, but her prior leads roles were in Vampire Academy and Dirty Grandpa, which didn't inspire confidence in her career. <br/><br/>The only things keeping me from truly loving this is that it's predictable in the end, and more importantly the score was an abomination ripped straight out of a Hallmark Channel original movie. It felt like someone flicking me in the face for 90 minutes. Two ridiculously overworked personal assistants hit on the idea of setting up their respective bosses together in the hopes that the assistants will then get pushed around a bit less. At first they're surprisingly successful but a plot this ambitious could never run totally smoothly could it? <br/><br/>So the premise of the film is very simple and the plot also develops along predicable lines. About ten minutes in, I was getting concerned about issues of workplace bullying, but then I got caught up in the energy of the story and the characters of the two assistants, Harper and Charlie, played by Zoey Deutch and Glen Powell. Yes, they are bullied and yes you could definitely say that the male boss - Rick, played by Taye Diggs - is a bit of a two dimensional caricature. But this is a romcom, not a documentary, so who cares.<br/><br/>There are enough laughs and the characters learn a little about themselves and about life along way, and most of all everyone - all the actors - get stuck in and really enjoy themselves. Right from Lucy Liu as the female sports journalist boss, right through to the cameos by the elevator engineer and the assistant in the jewellers.<br/><br/>It's a very wordy script delivered at a terrific pace, perhaps particularly thanks to Zoey Deutch, and most people should really enjoy it. .... there were definitely some places where it could've been funnier, but overall I enjoyed it. It was super distracting at the end when all the passerby's were staring, obviously meaning they couldn't afford to block side walks and hire extras. 
The Positive: I found myself smiling long after scenes had ended. Definitely a feel good movie. This movie has a little bit of everything. It makes you feel good watching and the main characters are awesome. Zoey Deutch and Glen Powell reunite after the excellent Everybody Wants Some (2016) in this low frills, high-chemistry rom-com. There isn't much to dwell on here, as 'Set It Up' proves the ideal low-stakes Friday night Netflix watch.<br/><br/>Deutch and Powell play Harper and Charlie, two young and ambitious characters working for a very special brand of pushy, domineering bosses. When they realize their common predicament, they set out to...set up their bosses, in the hope that it will lead to quality of life improvements for themselves. In an ironic twist, the ones being pushed around leverage their insights into personal scheduling and personal preferences to ensure the mis-match ends up matching. As is usual for mischievous do-gooders, there will be fraternizing and moral conundruming. And it will be fun.<br/><br/>Any successful rom-com hinges on the compatibility of its leads. Luckily, that's not an issue here, with both potential couples gelling or not gelling just as intended. It's the energy of all four key characters that keeps the movie alive, thanks to the odd piece of witty writing or amusing situation. I think I only rolled my eyes once at some ultra-corny moment that could have been avoided, but beyond that, director Claire Scanlon works gently and fairly with her characters. Everybody learns an important life lesson by the end and, surprisingly, it's a lesson I relate to, although I've never had the issue of overworking myself in order to avoid pursuing my passions. There are other, more pleasureful ways of doing it. This is a feel good movie and don't you watch it if you're a killjoy or a boring person....<br/><br/>Love zoey and I think her acting is superb for her age. She's going to be the next america's sweetheart.. I'm an avid fan of fluffy, contentless films from this genre, so it's quite hard to find an example of it that's truly awful. But this film nails it! From the unrelatable, unlikeable character played by the usually charismatic Taye Diggs, the unrealisism of Liu's character falling for such an a**hole (from a meet cute which devolves in to 'oh no, a fat guy with no shirt on')- Glen Powell wasn't really utilised at all and came off like a bland Alan Ruck, and Zoey Deutch has a lot of potential, but this film managed to wash even her out. I watched it with a group and we just kept saying 'Oh no...' This film is basically everything that's wrong with the romcom. It would have been a million times better if they'd given Taye Diggs a character who wasn't disgusting, or Lucy Liu had point blank refused to date him- which was what we'd expected from the outset. Okay, so this movie is so predictable that it's almost boring. But like...so what? It's funny, it's quick, it showed up on your computer for free. What do you want? Put it on while you're cleaning or folding laundry or nursing a hangover and have a great time. This is the most I have ever liked Zoey D and Glen is a certified hottie. and also LUCY LIU AND TAYE DIGGS!!!! just watch it. you know you wanna. I'm disappointed in all of the harsh criticism. This movie was fun and lovable. They set the tone for what to expect in the very beginning. "Over-acting?" It's a romantic comedy for crying out loud. I recommend this movie for the perfectly-delivered, witty dialogue. As an added bonus, the chemistry between Zoey and Glen was fantastic. Set It Up tells the story of-you're never going to believe this-a set up. <br/><br/>Two overworked and underappreciated assistants, Harper (Zoey Deutch) and Charlie (Glen Powell), serendipitously meet one night while working their typical late nights for their big shot bosses. After a brief exchange, they realize that they could give themselves more free time if their bosses started dating each other, so they agree to play matchmaker. <br/><br/>Their scheme begins with an initial meet cute that was less than stellar, but it was enough ignite a spark. The relationship is off and running, and Harper and Charlie guide their bosses along every step of the way. <br/><br/>Harper's boss (Lucy Liu) is mercilessly competitive and career driven, never giving a moment to consider her romantic life. Charlie's boss (Taye Diggs) is divorced, selfish and has some serious rage issues that are supposed to come across as humorous but are actually fairly alarming. They're far from an ideal pairing, but thanks to Harper and Charlie's "coaching," they hit it off.<br/><br/>Harper and Charlie spend more and more time together, becoming close friends as they successfully trick their bosses into falling in fake love, while they themselves possibly experience something real. <br/><br/>Let's be honest. Romantic comedies aren't ripe for spoilers because they're all predictable. This one isn't 100% that way, but you can probably guess where the story is headed. <br/><br/>Despite it's predictability and lack of originality, it's still mostly watchable. The two stars have natural on-screen chemistry, first as strangers, then as friends and so on. They're instantly likable individually and even more so when sharing a scene. <br/><br/>Although story isn't a strength of the film, the dialogue is quotable and the character development certainly isn't entirely weak. The bosses feel like trite phony concepts of successful movie bosses. They're abrasive, unfeeling monsters that inexplicably climb the success ladder without an ounce of people skills. <br/><br/>But the assistants feel like real people. They're competent yet flawed, courageous yet afraid, insulting yet caring. They mean well, even if they aren't always successful in their pursuits. Neither one is perfect, but they're a pretty much perfect set up team. <br/><br/>Ultimately, those two save what might have otherwise been a dull, run-of-the-mill rom-com. Thanks to them, it's one of the better movies of its genre that you'll find on Netflix. In two words: Cobbled. Together. <br/><br/>This Netflix original rom-com packs an ironic lack of chemistry. With the quality of an amateur movie project, each sequentil line and scene feels like it was shot repeatedly and had the best takes cut and stitched together, which results in conversations sounding completely unnatural, characters spouting punch lines where they don't belong, and a general lack of flow from each moment to the next. <br/><br/>Relationships between characters seem forced and unconvincing, especially the two main characters who work in the same building, yet had never seen each other before and now just drop in and out of each other's office space like they've been best buddies all along.<br/><br/>So far as laughs, unfortunately there is not much to offer as the circumstances in which the slapstick potty humour arises, is too far fetched to instil any grain of relatability to the audience. To put it another way, the writers seemed to borrowed tropes from the horror genre that make you think "no, don't go there, don't do that, oh god why are you doing that?!". After watching other films from Netflix and others that reached mainstream media (ex. Kissing Booth, Ibiza, Midnight Sun, etc)... all of which are shallow, annoying and predictable movies with little to no significant scenes. Scenes that make you think, or etch your heart. Set It Up may be a bit over the top with the crazy bosses in the movie, it still resonared with me because of its memorable lines. "You like because, you love despite". I absolutely loved the ending as it sort of tied up all loose strings into a perfect bow. I love a good rom-com, even though they are generally predictable. I loved the premise for this story and watched it even though I got the gist of the whole thing from the previews. 
This was rated TV-14 so I was *shocked* to find SO MUCH LANGUAGE (f words a the c word) and inappropriate shots (a guy having sex saying "I'm coming!") and discussions in this movie. It definitely should have been rated higher and could have been so much better without the language and crudeness. <br/><br/>I loved Zoey, the young female assistant, I wanted to keep watching her and hope to see her in other stuff. I love Lucy Liu, too and the male assistant. Just wish the content would have been better. It could have been a fun, mother-daughter movie. The movie is about two doormats that don't have any respect for themselves, each working for a narcissistic loser. If they had any dignity they would have quit on day one of the job. The movie is not funny, it is over-acted, and it is painful to watch how the main characters let their bosses abuse them. One of them actually has the assistant make his son's elementary school science project. Just to give an idea of the kind of jerk this character is. I really loved this movie. Although it is a classic Rom-Com, if you're into cheesy love stories this is a great one to watch. I really liked the unique story line. As the title suggests, its a must watch light-hearted comedy that hits the perfect notes for a fun night with family or wife/girlfriend. Enjoyed the movie and ofcourse the characters were perfectly played by the actors. A huge shout out to #ZoeyDeutch who played her role marvelously ...bringing the whole movie together in a wonderful way. The trailer looked promising to me, and reminded me of Horrible Bosses 1 & 2, which I quite enjoyed.<br/><br/>I also like three of the four main actors, as I already know them from various appearances (Scream Queens, Ally McBeal etc.). Only the actor playing the male boss was unknown to me.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the movie was a big, big let down.<br/><br/>First, for a supposed comedy, it was not very funny, brining laughter only once in a while and moderately. This is the opposite of Horrible Bosses.<br/><br/>Another major negative relates to the bosses, and this is a key difference with the Horrible Bosses movies.<br/><br/>The male boss' reactions and talk are so exaggerated they are unbelievable. Of course, he has to be horrible, but he almost only appears screaming or so, yelling at people, and there is nothing that could make us feel he is a human. It is impossible to get immersed or willing to follow what happens to him, which is not what should happen.<br/><br/>The female boss is less exaggerated overall, although many times, she's also inhuman given the ovelyr-excessive reactions and talk.<br/><br/>In Horrible Bosses, bosses were real humans (acting badly). I wanted to know what would happen to them. They were also more present.<br/><br/>The two lead characters (the bosses' assistants) are OK-ish, although the way they accept what their bosses ask them to do and how they treat them is not always believable or relatable. While I liked Glen Powell a lot in Screem Queens, he appears rather transparent and superficial in this movie. Zoey Deutch performance and contribution was OK I suppose.<br/><br/>The lead assistants' partners are moderately present. The female assistant's boyfriend is barely visible, but the male assistant's girlfriend is somewhat more present.<br/><br/>Also disturbing to me, it is unclear whether the movie wants to be a romance. While many parts point to that, there is a significant amount of vulgarity, which is hard to reconcile with true romance.<br/><br/>At the end of the day, a promising cast and idea, but a horrible output. So much fun. take it for what it is - a feel good funny rom com with lots of lines, witty dialogue, and surprising little moments. Great chemistry between the two leads, too. Thumbs up. Escape. watch it now. Pure Netflix movie.. watch only. if you have watched all the good movies and you wants to watch some movie and you don't really have any things else to do.. Good thing is this is not drag movie that will waste your time, it is up to point.. But its WTF moments in places that you have watched it in so may other movie.. So nothing new.. best to kill your time when you have no other option// I watched this movie because I saw Tituss Burgess was in it. He was in ONE scene! What a waste of talent. The rest of the movie is watchable if you have absolutely nothing else to do. It's very predictable and not that funny. I lasted 10 minutes before turning this off. I basically hated everything about what I managed to watch. The bosses were bullies and should have been reported and the assistants should have told them to get stuffed, walked out then reported them. Dreadful. I would definitely recommend this film! I think it is funny and can be watched again and again! I think Zoey Deutch who played one of the main characters called Harper was ace ! I would say overall it's a rather light hearted film , one that would be good to watch on a night to wind down from a long day . I loved the cast and the ending , it was really sweet ! As a whole, it's quite enjoyable, it certainly doesn't reinvent the wheel and the story isn't very innovative neither but it has some kind of freshness that distinguishes it from the cliches of the genre. It's mainly due to the astonishing writing and the R-Rated jokes which don't sound vulgar or cheap like in any Seth Rogan movie however they come out as charming and kitschy; same for the two protagonists, fresh talented and good looking with catchy characters and, I guess I have a crush on Glen Powell he's very goofy and clowny in a good way making for a great performance even gay Pete Davidson crushed it too lol. I don't really know what's about this movie that makes me feel cozy and loose but it does, it's a truly delightful film even if you didn't turn your mind off. Really a bad movie. I watched it all and now I feel like I wasted my time. Bad acting, bad script, bad dialogues, etc.
Another Netflix mediocre film added to the ever increasing list of forgettable movies. I love it! It's a really good chick flick perfect for relaxing, I really enjoy it, it's intelligent funny, also I loved the actors and each one of the roles they played! This movie is full of potential, but will miss out on a huge romcom audience by overstepping the 14A boundaries. The film has a few, very poorly placed F-bombs, but even more disappointingly, the more sexual focused discussions in the film are vulgar and disgusting. The director could have covered those subjects with much more class and opened the film to a much larger viewership. Great story! Poor delivery. Their romance was so cute! I loved the movie so much. What a fun, feel good movie!
This movie had me literally laughing out loud. Predictable in the best way. Its a lovely charming movie worth of watching. With Zoey Deutch in it. Whoever watches it won't regret. A simple cliche film that engulfs you in their world. Gives you hope that cheesy love story happens. It is a movie that defines true love. Sometimes falling inlove doesn't always mean that you have to be together. Sometimes falling inlove just simply means loving you in the moment and making it work. It was really good. The dialogue was witty and NOT cringey or cheesy in the slightest. That also made for the good banter between the main characters. speaking of main characters they had very good and organic chemistry. The movie was an absolute delight and I know I'm going to re-watch it regularly whenever I need a pick me up. Everything about this movie is way too basic, nonetheless, it will make you feel joyful, upbeat and wanting to start dating again. Cute, funny, enjoyed cast for the 2 assistants, enjoyed the concept. Downers: some language, over-the-top extremes of particularly the male boss. Not enough romantic comedies being made like "The Notebook," leaving Romcom fans starving for that quality and depth. It was painful to see how the 2 inhumane bosses literally abused their assistants. I don't think there exist this kind of bosses in this world, but two of them, in the same building? 
Even if it's supposed to be a RomCom I didn't laugh at all and there was maximum 2 scenes of romance in the whole movie.
Also, it was very predictable from the beginning. You could have predict that the relationship between the bosses won't last and the 2 assistants will fall in love. 
For me, it was very hard to watch because I've found it extremely boring. This film is about two stressed out assistants to, two powerful people. Who attempt to get their bosses together in the hope that once they find love, their jobs will become a whole lot easier and their bosses become a whole lot nicer.<br/><br/>This film is directed by Claire Scanlon (The last man on earth). It stars Zoey Deutch (Before I fall), Glen Powell (Hidden figures) and Lucy Liu (Kill Bill: Volume 1).<br/><br/>This film is dumb, but entertaining. It toes the line between so bad its good and just a enjoyable film. What makes the film not so bad its good for me is the performances. The cast has perfect chemistry and their are some stand performances like Lucy Liu as Zoey Deutchs mean boss, and Tituss Burgess (Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt) as Creepy Tim, who delivers the films best jokes.
This film did not have me checking my watch to see when it would end.<br/><br/>However, the films story follows the typical Romcom clichés, couple that with down right stupid story, that is so unrealistic it is probably the best joke in the entire film. <br/><br/>If you like Romcoms this is for you, but if your looking for a netflix film with substance go and watch Cargo.<br/><br/>6/10 Rom-coms don't need to be reviewed. They're rom-coms. They're all the same. They're not good or bad they're rom-coms. Stop looking for reasons to like or dislike them. If the heat death of the universe could be an art form it would be a rom-com. First the movie is too long at almost 2 hours. And you know a story is in trouble when the gay roommate played by Pete Davidson has all the best scenes and those are brief.<br/><br/>But the movie is cute ! Romantic comedy is my favorite genre but most of them don't end up being worth my time. I usually only write reviews for movies that aren't major releases and were better than expected, but I had quite high expectations for this movie after reading a blurb about it in Entertainment Weekly earlier this year and felt it was worth saying that I was not at all disappointed. I truly enjoyed this entire movie and will watch it again for sure. The two leads are great (I've always really liked Zoey Deutch, and I'm glad CHAD RADWELL is on my screen again) and had fantastic chemistry. Lucy Liu was fabulous. <br/><br/>This movie is more a romance than a comedy - it's definitely funnier than the made-for-TV romcoms and holiday romances like you see on Hallmark but someone just looking for laughs should probably look elsewhere. I hope some of these lukewarm reviews aren't from people who thought the premise sounded funny and just wanted something funny to watch because this movie can't stand on it's own as a comedy - but romcoms rarely can. <br/><br/>By the time you reach the end of the movie, you aren't exactly rooting for the two bosses to be together anymore. But I have to say I wish that storyline had been played as a pure romance and not a subversion because in retrospect a lot of those scenes feel like a waste of time and won't be very rewarding on rewatch. But that's not exactly a criticism - that part of the narrative is still a worthwhile story and also absolutely necessary for the main plot. Really light but enjoyable rom-com movie! Hearts all over! How long has it been since you have seen Hollywood make a good rom-com, that had you laughing for the entire movie? The romantic comedy genre had been going through a little bit of a drought the last few years. But all of that changed when Netflix released their own rom-com, Set It Up, during June of 2018. The exciting aspect of this movie is that not only does it have the classic rom-com elements but it also has that modern twist that we all enjoy.<br/><br/>Set It Up tells the story of two underpaid and overworked assistants who meet while trying to get their bosses dinner. To lighten up their workload and be able to have free time, they make a master plan to make their bosses fall in love with each other. Like any other rom-com movie, nothing goes according to plan so Harper (Zoey Deutch) and Charlie Young (Glen Powell) have to work together to ensure that their plan works. As they are trying to accomplish their mission, they use technology as well as their, more like Harper's, knowledge of romantic movies.<br/><br/>Harper and Charlie compare their plan to that of "The Parent Trap" and "Cyrano de Bergerac." I couldn't agree with this statement more . One of the reasons why this movie works so well is because it has all of the key elements of the classical movies, those that we all love so much but with a modern touch. Rom- coms have become so outdated that the newer generations can't relate to them anymore which is regrettable for those of us who enjoy watching them. Set it Up embraces and combines our favorite romantic movies to make an even better love story.<br/><br/>Another reason as to why this is a great movie is due to an amazing set of supporting characters. Kirsten Stevens (Lucy Liu), Harper's boss, is a well renowned sports editor who is feared by everyone. Lucy Liu is an incredible actress that has worked in many of Hollywood's best films. One of them being Charlie's Angels where she played of the main roles as Alex Munday, one of the three angels. Tituss Burgess ("Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt") brings his silliness or wackiness in the role of creepy tim, the elevator operator of the building where Harper and Charlie work. The character of Duncan (Pete Davidson) was not really well executed in my opinion. He is Charlie's gay roommate and friend which you don't know if he is trying to make you laugh or actually has a deeper purpose that no one has been able to decipher.<br/><br/>One of the best scenes in the movie is when Harper and Charlie go on a journey to get pizza and safely transport it to Charlie's room. Harper shows once again her corky side by treating the pizza like her love of her life as well as her child. Once they get to Charlie's room, after they climbed the fire escape stairs, they share a very cute moment where we can clearly see the love tension. They have a great chemistry that really shows in the characters, we get to people who joke around like best friends but can also have the type of love that you have with a partner.<br/><br/>These two young assistants take us through a fun journey of people finding love or realizing deep statements about themselves. If you are tired of watching the classical rom-com from Hollywood over and over again, trust my advice and enjoy the beauty of Set It Up. That is if you are ready to laugh from beginning till end. A sweet love drama which is sure to please hearts. Elegant cinematography, soothing background score, graceful direction, and glossy performances from Zoey Deutch & Glen Powell. Absolutely lovable. I needed a feel-good movie and this rom com did the trick! Super cute and funny without being too cheesy. I definitely recommend this movie! It is true that this film has some corny pieces, but I think we can all expect that in a romantic comedy. That's what makes them so fun. This movie was a great twist on the classic ideal. The leads were wonderful and so were the supporting roles. Give it a watch. Love this witty romcom and the actors. The actors work so well together and it's actually a really cool chick flick. The movie is funny, romantic, catchy. The characters have a lot of charm. It's a good movie and it has a great music. This film is far less cheesy than its plot summary would lead you to assume. Yes, you'll be able to predict the plot a mile away, but the fantastic writing for every one of the film's characters is what makes "Set It Up" kick so hard.<br/><br/>Sensible character development, humor I haven't heard of before, and the dialogue is so great because the characters are so exposed, and often challenging each other for their beliefs, which makes you become a fan of each of them despite their flaws. <br/><br/>The only things holding it back are Taye Diggs, who seemed a tad uncomfortable in his role, and maybe the film ran a bit longer than necessary. But you will laugh, and there's some real life lessons and truth in it, surprisingly! Beautiful movie. Well cast and great writing make this the perfect romantic comedy. For lovers of both this is for you. Cute, adorable romcom which goes pretty much as you'd expect, but why would you be watching a romcom if you didn't want it to go exactly how you'd expect? Good movie / comedy. I bet, we will see more from Zoey Deutch in the near future, very refreshing character, her laugh is somehow "infective" This was a very cute & funny movie that had virtually no marketing. I just think that the majority of people who choose to post reviews - especially negative ones (I'm very cynical about how bad movies have gotten) - are just sad people. Save your wahhh for yourself. Was a surprisingly entertaining yes - ROM-COM. NOT LIKE IT WAS SHOOTINH FOR AN OSCAR - but it was good. Period. Also the main dude looks like Cameron from Ferris Buellers Day off so that is a plus. When I heard there was a solid Netflix original rom-com film coming out I had a few thoughts. One, Netflix makes good original films? Because from what I've seen, they tend to do a whole lot better on the television side of things. And the second thing I thought of was the severe lack of great romantic comedies there are in this age of film. So when I hear of a good one, I try and jump on it as soon as possible. Set It Up follows some rom-com cliches, but makes them their own by creating a freshly original plot inside an office building. The "set it up" part of the film feels like something you've seen a thousand times, but the combination of Zoey Deutch's irresistible charm and Glen Powell's breakout comedically, Set It Up is easily one of the most thoroughly enjoyable films of 2018. It takes 30 minutes before the film picks up comedically and dramatically, but once it does I found myself laughing out loud more than once. It's an easy 100 minute watch that neither demands too much from an audience but also doesn't dumb anything down. Admittedly, they succeed more in making you laugh than cry, but I will always be down to watch actors display great chemistry in any setting, but it especially impresses romantically.<br/><br/>8.0/10 I adored this movie. It was charming and well-paced and perfectly ridiculous in the way all good romantic comedies are. Zoey & Glen are great. Would have loved a bit more Lucy & Taye - my only critique Having grown up in the oft-formulaic romcoms of the '90s and early 2000s, I often relegate romcoms into the "mindless guilty pleasure" corner of my brain. I happened to be browsing on Netflix for a movie I could play as the background music while I cleaned house, when the trailer for "Set It Up" autoplayed. <br/><br/>I ended up watching it a second time with someone, and a third time with some more friends. Like the characters, the story was well-written, funny, likeable, and smart. It's the kind of feel-good movie we need in these stressful times.<br/><br/>(On a self-aware note, the 9th star may or may not be because it turned out better than I expected.) A good movie. Good acting, passable story with lots of laughs and New York City looked good. Netflix hit a homerun. I can usually tell if a comedy will be worth watching, in the first five minutes. Set It Up grabbed me from the very beginning. If Netflix makes more movies as good as this one, they will own the entertainment world. Yes, this film has some of the clichÃ©s of the genre along with a few scenes that don't ring true "and yet..." it has some great moments that I loved . A terrific cast especially the two leads who have the comedic timing that makes all the difference. So much better than most of what's out there right now. If it helps I liked "The Big Sick" and the last few films with Noel Wells ( Mr. Roosevelt and Happy Anniversary) I really enjoyed this one. It was cute and believable. I hope Netflix makes more rom coms on this level. I really enjoyed the main characters Romantic comedies fall into the category of being extremely unpredictable because there are so many of them that look generic from their trailers. It's hard to tell if they're going to be great or downright dreadful. Not that I was looking forward to one of Netflix's most recent features in Set It Up, but the cast alone is what had me giving it a chance. This was a very strange viewing experience for me, due to the fact that I would barely call it a solid movie, but I loved watching it anyways. Set It Up is actually a movie that I would recommend to most people, but would also include an asterisk. Here's why I believe it deserves your time, but also why you shouldn't expect too much.<br/><br/>Following Harper and Charlie, as they assist their needy bosses in everyday tasks throughout the office, these two form a plan to get their bosses to fall in love with each other in order to give themselves more free time, possibly finding a relationship of their very own in the process. The premise itself is very streamlined and nothing all that interesting comes of it, so it's hard to recommend a movie that you can call every shot to as it progresses, but quite honestly, this is a movie that benefits so heavily from its two leading performers that it warrants a recommendation from me in the end.<br/><br/>Zoey Deutch has always impressed me, from her appearance in a lacklustre movie like Dirty Grandpa or a standout role in Everybody Wants Some!!, I have been rooting for this actress to become a star, and while this movie definitely won't get her noticed, her performance is beyond likable. On top of that, Glen Powell plays off her performance in superb a surprising ways and found myself grinning from ear to ear whenever they were on screen together. If for nothing else, I can confidently say that I'd be shocked if someone complained about their chemistry here. That being said, as I mentioned before, you kind of expect where the movie ends.<br/><br/>The one major drawback of this film is the fact that you will be predicting each scene before it happens, due to the fact that the movie moves along in a very formulaic way. That being said, I was able to forgive this movie for being wholly unoriginal because it pretty much embraces the fact that everyone's going to guess where each character ends up. Set It Up is loaded with a slew of character moments that were quite memorable, at least for myself. Even their bosses, played by Taye Diggs and Lucy Liu, had their moments to shine. Their chemistry worked for me as well. Movies like this rely heavily on whether or not you like the characters, so for that reason alone, I found myself loving my experience with this movie, but the movie itself isn't something I would say I love upon reflection.<br/><br/>Set It Up tries very hard to differentiate itself from many other films in its genre, but ultimately fails to impress, even though the characters are very well-rounded in my opinion. From the screenplay to the direction, everything about this film feels superbly average, so if you're looking to be blown away by a great romantic comedy, then I suggest looking elsewhere. If you can accept a generic plot and simply enjoy watching some great characters evolve for 105 minutes, then I think you'll get a kick out of this move like I did. Set It Up is a movie that'll probably be forgotten when this year comes to a close, but I think it deserves a little more than that. A romantic comedy that actually made me laugh so much. Great actors and actresses. I thought that this movie was really cute and did make me smile and laugh a few times. It also didn't seem forced which was something in which did make it better for me.<br/><br/>Definitely worth a watch if you like rom-coms This movie was charming; it was genuinely enjoyable to watch! It had believable characters and was full of fun moments. This is a good movie. Likeable actors, etc. nothing amazing but makes you feel good. I'd watch it again on a date. <br/><br/>I believe there's a campaign to discredit Netflix movies. In a way, I get it, but they are putting out some good things. It's formulaic... but that does not mean "Set It Up" is a bad movie. In fact, it's good. The jokes were hit and miss but the chemistry between the leads made up for that. The first quarter was very odd and the sexual references were really childish and unnecessary in the film. Films with sexual references like that really just degrade it and it just shows how American culture is being degraded and is losing its value. <br/><br/>Example, when the guy undresses and pees in the elevator was just rediculous, a 5 year old would laugh at that. <br/><br/>On the plus, the film ended well and I loved the romance between Harper and the guy (can't get to his name now), like the scene in the bedroom with the pizza. It carried a good message at the end of the day and was a sweet romance. <br/><br/>Extra: This is the first Netflix Original I've actually finished because all of the others have been completely rubbish and a waste of time, partly due to the American culture degradation aspect, and I hate it because I Love American films, but if Netflix is the future then I don't see much hope for them globally. They need to fix this. From the very beginning of this movie there were sexual references and crude language. It is rated TV -14 and I certainly don't think a 14 year old needs to be taught about sex from a poorly made movie. Not worth watching. The title says it all. Has to be an indie film... The formula of the film is the typical annoying film student who thinks he's and expert and the greatest writer ever, so he has to prove his skills by writing in a way that nobody speaks trying to sound intellectual by speaking about juvenile topics, again, in an unnatural way. The movie aucks. Don't waste your time. Quite honestly the rom-com of the year. Would 100% recommend! One of the best rom-coms I've seen in a long time! The two main characters have great chemistry with so many laugh-out-loud scenes that I just simply & TOTALLY enjoyed this movie. As actors, I liked Lucy Liu and the two assistants, but the content was unimpressive. 
The rating is misleading - should be TV-MA, at least, because of the multiple F- and C- words. The focus is too centered on sex, as opposed to relationship-building, and the film as a whole assumes a surface-level, hyper-sexualized and non-representative image of real life.
Wouldn't watch again, felt like a waste of time. This film tells the story of two personal assistants of two devilish bosses, who engineer a plan to set up their bosses.<br/><br/>I hope the bosses in the film are not based on real characters, because they are truly horrible! Yet, they are captivating characters and provide the story that is rather entertaining. I find the film very sweet and romantic. Must see, gay David stole the show. Zoey was her usual self, soon to be a top actress.
 This new comer lead guy was perfect for this movie.<br/><br/> Netflix does it again!!! Why watch a movie where nobody seems to have a soul? As far as I could stand it, I only hoped the janitor (Titus Burgess) would get a better life. Perhaps in the end there is an explanation, but I simply couldn't stand so little self respect.<br/><br/>The story revolves around two assistants 'a la devil wears prada' who are constantly abused by their bosses, and pass it forward abusing other people, getting waiters fired and so on. Clearly inspired by the mentioned movie, but lacking any explanation as to why would anyone, let alone two people stand such crappy jobs to live essentially crappy lifes. When the movie starts, the souls have already been sold, and we dont know why or for how much.<br/><br/>In the devil wears Prada, the main character has dreams, and in seeking of those dreams, end up caught in the situation depicted in the movie. In this one, you cannot find an explanation for those people enduring those jobs, up to the moment the girl says she will probably end up like her boss, which may be the explanation as to why she keeps the job, in the hopes of being the same sadistic boss she has.<br/><br/>A triple treat to masochists, two masochist characters plus the pain of watching it. I loved this movie! I've been waiting for a charming and witty rom-com like this for so long, and this movie delivered! This movie is classic charm, romance and comedy with a great cast! Highly recommend! A very cute movie. The characters are amazing. Very good I heard about this movie from a "best movies to watch on Netflix" article. Rom Coms aren't my favorite genre but I can appreciate when a good one comes along. I looked it up and saw that it received 92% on Rotten Tomatoes! Wow! And I read some glowing reviews on IMDB as well. I was expecting something truly special.<br/><br/>I try to give every movie I watch a chance and there were parts that were decent but overall this movie was just not that good. Nothing special. No real emotional weight to anything that happened in the story and I didn't really care what happened to the characters. Like at all. These are some good actors but unfortunately the directors didn't use them effectively and the script wasn't great. Even my wife who is a big fan of romantic comedies didn't like it. We were both disappointed. They were quick to point out the this movie WAS written by women and directed by a woman. That immediately says something to people who do not fall for the leftist rhetoric.<br/><br/>This movie about matchmaking is the kind of soft drivel that left wing intergenders love. However, it's just plain silly and its niche market is sad, pathetic housewives and silly young girls who watch these so called ",feel good" movies that they have come to rely on in hope that their own lives get better.<br/><br/>2/10 and that's being generous. Great movie to watch at home on Netflix. Cute story. Like a Hallmark movie if Hallmark had a bigger budget and actually acknowledged there's this thing called sex that people sometimes have.<br/><br/>Grade: B- A novel idea, witty dialogue and characters with chemistry. Ladies and gentlemen, your next feel-good, fuzzy-wuzzy romcom has arrived.<br/><br/>Rejoice. Movie is going to set up an example of our understanding of relationship with very good comedy. I love this as it was great for all who want to chase dreams Two high placed celebrities personal secretaries join hands and they fix their bosses one male and female, secretaries also a male female mid twenties aged assistants. They fix their bosses appointments in such a fashion that they will interact with each other, like stuck in an elevator, very near seats in a base ball game and sending each other tastes flowers and so on. Their manipulation is so good that eventually couple falls in love. Here the girl is not happy as up to some level its o k but the thread stretched too far. As in real terms the celebrity couple is not matching up to even an average. The assistants have different choices as a their sexual preferential friends. Some how the girl confesses it was a fake to her boss though loses the job. Boy also follows the same. Boy does this bit ironically roughly and gets fired too. Both the assistants have developed a mature level friendly sympathy for each other and their same intellect brings them nearer. A new love story in stream is formed. Enjoyed very well particularly dialogues. I love you as I like your dislikes and I do despite !. She is shown eating a lot of breakfasts, acceptance to some gay culture socially, Boss's arrogance, light romance, to be done seriously is the main message. When some thing reaches a commitment level, One should be bold and strong enough to do so. The superb screen play, dialogue crafted earns one more star then the routine romantic story. It's like all Rom-Com you've ever seen in a nut shell.<br/><br/>Their script writing and screenplay triger audience to the end of the movie.<br/><br/>How the characters evolved through time is best thing about this movie. 7/10 - a sweet rom-com that features great performances by Zoey Deutch and Glen Powell Fun rom-com with a little a little twist. You expect a normal boy meets girl and so on film but you get something a little different. Not to different that this film is very predictable. This movie was a great little romcom and so funny! The lead actress and actor, Zoey Deutch and Glen Powell, carry it so well! A must watch for those that love romantic comedies! Zoey Deutch is a treasure. No matter how average a script might be, she truly elevates it as much as possible. She has got endless personality and likeability, and yet it never ever feels like she's even trying. It is seemingly effortless and such a joy to see her having so much fun on set. She's clearly the biggest part of why I like this movie, but thankfully not the only one. Everyone is putting on a good performances, and the story is fine as well for a romantic comedy.<br/><br/>Set It Up is what it set out (or up) to be, a fun flick, and I would recommend it if you are in the mood for something light and really enjoyable. Romantic comedy, kind of childish but fun to watch All this is is an overhyped cliched mess, there's not special about it whatsoever Two overworked, underpaid assistants follow their bosses around doing everything asked of them while they are at work. Working long hours, receiving endless yelling, and having almost no social life is how Harper and Charlie live their lives until they come up with the brilliant plan to set up their bosses. The movie Set It Up is a Netflix original movie which tells the lives of the two assistants and their mission to set up their bosses. The rom-com starring Zoey Deutch (Harper), Glenn Powell (Charlie), Taye Diggs (Rick), and Lucy Liu (Kirsten) has a promising story, but unfortunately it does not pull through.<br/><br/>When the two assistants, Harper and Charlie, first meet each other when arguing over dinner for their bosses, we already know that they're going to have more interactions and eventually fall in love with each other. As a romantic comedy on Netflix, we know that the two main characters are going to end up together at the end of the movie, which is why most of us are watching it. To get an unrealistic feel for what being in a relationship is, we watch these cheesy, romantic, comedic movies. What makes these movies stand out from one another is the plot within the movie. Set It Up, directed by Claire Scanlon was hyped up as being the return of the rom-com. However, with too much background information on some people, and the underdevelopment of other characters, the movie, unfortunately, did not live up to its expectations.<br/><br/>"Jessica the phones! Jonathan cancel my 10:00. Conor, get in here. Conor? Bring me my lunch! What's my password?" The first things you hear from the movie automatically sets the tone of how the movie will flow. Soon after, as everyone is leaving the office, we're introduced to Harper. A young girl, somewhere in her twenties telling everyone to "be free" and "save yourself," is seen on one of the highest floors in the building when suddenly her boss, Kirsten, starts screaming at her to get her dinner. We're then switched to a scene of a guy, Charlie, waiting outside of a high class bar for his boss, Rick, late at night. The first 10 minutes of the movie immediately shows us who the bosses and assistants are, and how they act towards each other.<br/><br/>Introducing the assistants' best friends seemed well planned for the story to develop, but unfortunately Becca and Duncan's characters weren't developed too much. We find out that Becca is going to get married soon, and that Duncan is gay, but other than that, they aren't mentioned much more throughout the movie. Although Becca comes back towards the end of the movie saying "you like because, and you love despite," Becca's character is not developed. She appears and disappears randomly, and we aren't given the opportunity to understand who she is. Duncan on the other hand, only comes back into the story when he's either having sex, or trying to invite other people to places he's not supposed to.<br/><br/>Harper and Charlie never meet each other in the workplace until they get into a fight over their boss's dinners and come up with the idea of setting up their bosses. Their lives are instantly connected. Through secret meetings, and getting their bosses to meet at the same places "coincidentally," Harper and Charlie, unsurprisingly, are successful in getting their bosses together. However, when Rick cheats on Kirsten with his ex-wife, things get messy. Finding out about the cheating on their way to their wedding, Kirsten calls off the wedding and leaves the airport. Rick was stranded alone and we find that this is not the setup the movie title is referring to. As Harper is retrieving her stuff from her desk after being fired for deceiving her boss, she finds herself being setup with Charlie by Kirsten. "Coincidentally," Charlie is waiting just outside of the building waiting to meet Kirsten. The two find themselves in love with each other after fighting with each other over food and attempting to setup their bosses.<br/><br/>Set It Up had a promising storyline in the beginning, but as time dragged on, the movie got more and more predictable. This predictable, boring, time consuming movie ends with the two characters together in the end like they're supposed to be. Kirsten, Harper's seemingly hateful and much too intense boss, turns into the "good guy," helping Harper with her writing and setting up Harper with Charlie. The combination of underdeveloped characters and a predictable story plot "set it up" for failure. Very crude dialogue. Characters are unlikable. God help anyone who is dating or "falling in love" if this is what's its like. "masterpiece"<br/><br/>The movie could not have been better. The movie was amazing and I do not regret watching it for a second I was entertained throughout the entire movie. The comedy and romance were the modest important factors of this movie. I hope to meet all of the actors in real life and thank them personally for making this masterpiece together. Linear, predictable, totally unoriginal romantic comedy, full of clichÃ©s. Pluses are decent acting and nice chemistry among the main actors. If you decide to watch it, you will not be bored, if you skip it, you will not miss anything.<br/><br/>5/10 I feel I should first admit that romantic comedies are usually not my cup of tea. The reason why I sat down to watch this particular one was that it had Lucy Liu in the cast, and she is in my favorite television show, "Elementary". Liu is pretty good in this movie, making her character a believably hard and demanding boss while at the same time not going overboard so much to make her come across as hateful and unlikable. The other thing about the movie I appreciated was that the ending of the movie doesn't quite end up wrapping everything up in a way that you may be expecting. But apart from those two things, I didn't particularly enjoy the movie. The two young leads in the movie are too jokey and broad in their performances, enough so that they come across as annoying simpletons. The story is also thin in a number of aspects, and it's made worse by a running time (105 minutes) that is too long for its own good. Also, apart from a few mild chuckles, the movie simply isn't all that funny, with its humor being very predictable and familiar. In the end, you'll probably be saying "Turn it off!" to "Set It Up" long before its end credits start to roll. It was alright but Harper was a bit annoying, overacting and talking too fast. I didnt like her. And seriously the worst scene was when Harpers girlfriend enters with her boyfriend and harper does the blow*** sign in front of him and talking about her ex's so slutty like its the most natural thing to do. Come on, who does that? Is this movie a joke? It portrayed all the coloured people (Lui,Diggs, and Smalls) as the evil characters in the movie (although Lui gets better at the end) being rude, condescending, narcissistic, angry, violent, cheaters. While the two main characters (both white) are at their mercy, seemingly innocent, and your made to feel bad for them, seek their revenge on these evil people. The other coloured characters (Ouzts and Burgess) play fools in the movie (the delivery guy who pees in the elevator and the creepy tim) like c'mon who wrote this movie, and why would Lui and Diggs even sign off on it. It is hard not to see that all the coloured characters were given stereotypical raciest roles and Hollywood and Netflix could do better. Really great, lots of humor, great story line, enjoyable characters. Set It Up is a typical comedy movie but has some pretty funny scenes so I guess it's a good comedy, even though it's nothing original. Check it out if you want to have a good time, if you want to relax on the couch. Lately, romantic comedies somehow all feel the same. Even though Set It Up brings nothing new to the formula, it is still more enjoyable than most films in this genre. The two main characters are lovable and have good chemistry. Their bosses are your typical office dragons and barely treat anyone else as human beings. The dialogue is quite witty and the pace is good too. When it comes to the plot development and the ending, it is all predictable and exactly like you probably expected. One of the positives is that it is actually not that terribly cheesy. There are a couple of scenes towards the end that will put you in danger of getting diabetes but other than that, it is not that bad. It is a nice date film or something to watch if you wish to relax for a bit. I'm a sucker for movies like this. After watching Ibiza, I seriously lost faith in the future of chick flicks. But this sweet film has brought it back! The female lead Harper was adorable and easy to relate to. The romance was sweet-not a lot of tension, but still enough to draw you in. 
 Did the story have some cliche parts and predictability? Oh for sure. But it was so well done, who cares? There's a fine line between being cliche in a good way and cliche in a cheesy way and this movie walked that line like a pro. With the right cast and a good script, even the most formulaic of movies can work, especially when they're as funny as Set It Off. A screwball / comedy-of-errors screenplay with the skin of a turn-of-the-millennium rom-com, it's a Pixy Stix of a movie: fun and colorful, with a sweetness so pure and predictable it's almost comfy. By the third act, the formula gets a bit grating, but it's still an unexpectedly good time. Very good for a Netflix movie. It gets the best out of all of the actors in the movie. It is however, very predictable. You know the end within 15 minutes of watching the movie. Utterly fab! Really fun watch and great chemistry between the characters. Really not so bad for a romantic comedy. I've seen much worse. Harper (Zoey Deutch) and Charlie (Glen Powell) are overworked assistants under tyrannical bosses in the same Manhattan office building. Harper's boss Kirsten Stevens (Lucy Liu) is a hard hitting ESPN reporter. Charlie's boss Rick (Taye Diggs) is pissed over his difficult divorce. Harper and Charlie have a meet cute over a lunch order for their bosses. In order to save their personal lives, they decide to parent-trap their bosses and distract them from working so hard.<br/><br/>This is a fun rom-com. I love that Harper and Charlie are also trying to dissect rom-coms when parent-trapping their bosses. Creepy Tim is hilarious. Deutch and Powell make for a fun couple non-couple. They have great chemistry that could go either way. I might get rid of the girlfriend a beat earlier. It would probably heat up their relationship a little faster. P.S. She should write about people she knows at Yankees Stadium instead of the geriatric Olympians.<br/><br/>After hearing a couple of good reviews, I figured I needed to check this out. With theatrical rom-coms dying off, one does wonder if there are survivors in a hidden oasis. I don't know if Netflix is that oasis since the good ones seem to be the exceptions. Nevertheless, it's nice to see a good one. I've never heard of the director or the writer. This is not going to win any Oscars but it is a return to good rom-coms. There are some good laughs and endearing characters. Is there even such thing as an original rom-com anymore? They all follow the same formula. This one at least tries to be something different, but of course the end is always going to be obvious. I like that the cast is mostly fresh faces that I haven't seen before. Most of the laughs come from side characters who only have a tiny part that you want to see more of, like the roommate or the elevator guy. Definitely worth a watch with your loved one. This movie is nothing out of the ordinary. Not a meet cute for the main characters but as they plan to set their bosses together they find themselves comfortable around the other and I just love that feeling when they are falling for the other and they don't know it. It the perfect movie to enjoy a cold afternoon. Zoet Deutch is amazing. <br/><br/>Also, New York. I love that city. You can really relate. <br/><br/>This is a feel good, little, low budget romcom. More romantic than funny haha. 
 The plot has you smiling even through the little twist at the end. The chemistry between the two leads is charming and phenomenal.<br/><br/>The story could have been better written, some of the dialogue is a bit off, and comes out of nowhere, some scenes could have been a bit longer for emotional depth, but all the actors give it their best and pull it off.<br/><br/>Good date movie and sweet for everyone else - though not for children as themes are adult. I do recommend.<br/><br/>But Harper does do a below the belt thing near the end mostly because she's disappointed in Charlie, conveniently forgetting their discussion earlier. That was distasteful and unbecoming of her. Who says, "you like someone because of something but you love them despite sonething"???? What a recipe for dysfunction. Because of a hangover and facination. Me and my girllfriend finished the movie until the end. And I have to state, thism is the worse crap I habe ever seen. The writing is cramped like a seizure. The acting makes me wants to puke all over. <br/><br/>Netflix for fsake! Stop produce this crap! After seen this I strongly considering to cancel my subscription. The sole purpose of this movie is to leave the paying viewer in a state of absolute dispair. Please do no believe peoples 10/10 reviews. It isnt funny. It isnt afeelgood movie.
 They have obviously not been tortured with the whole lot for a painful 105minutes! <br/><br/>Please Netflix. Quality check!!!! Age and experience bring perspective. That's something watching Set It Up has brought home to me. For instance, I've never understood why Ryan Reynolds is such a big star. He seems unbearably anodyne (is that an oxymoron?). But if you compare him to Glen Powell his comic chops assume the stature of William Powell's. Zoey Deutch can be quite charming when doing her 'Drew Barrymore in Fever Pitch' sports obsession schtick, but as the movie wore on (and I mean wore) her breathlessly yammery delivery began to annoy me and I began to wonder why, if they wanted a wacky brunette for this role, didn't they get the two-O Zooey? - too old for this role, I guess. And probably too (two) expensive. Incidentally, Set It Up has made me reconsider my unreasoning hatred for 500 Days of Summer - at least Joseph Gordon-Levitt and Zooey Deschanel had something approaching chemistry, which the two stars of this film desperately lack. Anyway, these two leads rattle off their lines in screwball comedy style, which wouldn't be a problem if those lines were good. Or relevant. Or witty. Or anything. The script is, unfortunately, weak and derivative. Which isn't always a fatal flaw. We all know the romcom formulae and would probably mutiny in our seats if expectations weren't met, but some fresh perspective, insight or wit is always welcome. In lieu of that, we're presented with scenes like the one where not one but two heavyset black men are wheeled on for comic effect, which, as well as being lazy and insulting, is handled in a comedically cack-handed manner. Which brings me to another problem - the direction. And the pacing. And, well, everything. But don't despair, dear reader. I watched forty-some minutes of this and stopped. The next day, I steeled myself to keep going. And I was not disappointed. Because. It. Gets. Worse. Maybe I'll see the end. Maybe (to quote The Lady from Shangai) I'll die tryin'. "Set It Up" is a Comedy - Romance movie in which we watch two corporate executive assistants trying to plan for their bosses to fall in love with each other. Their goal is very hard since both bosses are mainly working instead of living their lives. Although their primary goal is to plan for their bosses to fall in love with each other, their second and more important goal is to have more free time for their lives in order to do whatever they want and of course to be promoted in a higher position and work in their actual field of studies instead of being assistants of them.<br/><br/>Since I had low expectations from this movie I was not let down by it and I was not happily or sadly surprised. The plot was decent for this kind of movie, no plot holes but also not any plot twists, an average written script with some good interpretations. I liked the interpretation of Glen Powell who played as Charlie and I also found interesting the interpretation of Taye Diggs who played as Rick, Charlie's boss. I have to say that the interpretation of Zoey Deutch who played as Harper was average and uninterested. I also expected more from Lucy Liu but I believe that she did not reach her potential. Another interpretation that has to be mentioned is Pete Davidson's who played as Mike, Charlie's flatmate, and he was simply hilarious. The direction which was made by Claire Scanlon was an average one with some good scenes but with many clichés.<br/><br/>Finally, I believe that "Set It Up" is not a bad movie to watch, it's just an average movie to spend your time with. If you don't have high hopes for this movie then you won't be disappointed by it. It's not a boring movie, it has some good scenes but don't expect much from it. When two overworked, underpaid and over stressed P.A's/interns/gophers Harper (Zoey Deutsch) and Duncan (Pete Davidson) decide to organise the love lives of their hard assed bosses 
(Lucy Liu and Taye Diggs) it should be a piece of cake. After all, they spent their working lives micromanaging ever other aspect of their bosses's lives - with little thanks for it. But, as always happens in romcoms, all kinds of complications ensure.<br/><br/>I won't dwell too much other than to say that Set It Up is a decent romcoms that gets some laughs and isn't too smaltzy. The acting is quite good (Liu seems to enjoy herself especially). One or two questions are raised about internships - Deutsch's patience and loyalty is rewarded when she takes the plunge and goes outbound own, but Davidson has to start again at the ripe old age of twenty eight! Was I the only one who smarted at that line? I like Zoey Deutch but this is a bit too much. She overacts and is pretty much irritating the whole time and I don't get the sudden change of her character towards the end, especially her lecturing Glen Powell. Lucy Liu and Taye Diggs are both caricatures and Taye is like the worst ever here. He hasn't been this bad like.....ever. Not sure what they were trying there, but it's not woking. They don't feel like smart and succesfull people, just irritating and bossy and altogether - very very spoiled, unstable and sometimes not very smart. Why would anyone want to be with them in real life?? It's a pretty good movie. Typical romantic comedy. I honestly just hated Taye diggs acting ! He played the worst mean boss. Fun, hooking movie. It was predicable, but I enjoyed it all the way through. These 2 people work for 2 agressively controlling bosses in the same building. The attractive young man gets dumped by his girlfriend for being a wimp. The spineless attractive young couple make an indirect plan to make their controlling bosses become a couple, so they'll take less time from them. The plan has many obstacles (since both bosses are agressive/ competitive/ control freaks), but it works, they are going to get married, they become less assholish. The 2 spineless attractive young people slowly fall in love with each other, obviously. 
But, the aggressive male boss decided to make his ex-wife jealous, telling her he's going to marry the female boss. The ex-wife becomes jealous and they have phone-sex. The young female employee listens to the call and doesn't accept to let the marriage through, she decides to tell all that she did to her boss. The male employee doesn't agree, and this separates them. The young employee tells her boss, she gets fired. The male employee changes his mind, quits his job, and tells the bosses they shouldn't marry either.
Both bosses realize how much they depended on their employees.
The young attractive people are set up to meet each other (like the secret way they did with their bosses) and fall in love again.
BTW, even though Pete Davidson is funny and is in this movie, his talents are wasted on this movie.
BTW2: Tituss Burgess is also awesomely funny, and his talents shine in this movie. 'SET IT UP': Three Stars (Out of Five)<br/><br/>A romantic comedy about a pair of underpaid and overworked assistants, that try to hookup their bosses together in order to lighten their workloads. The movie stars Zoey Deutch, Glen Powell, Lucy Liu and Taye Diggs. It was directed by Claire Scanlon, and it was written by Katie Silberman (two debut feature filmmakers). The film has received mostly positive reviews from critics, and it was released by Netflix through it's streaming site. It reminded me a lot of a made for TV rocom. It's definitely not horrible, but it's also definitely not that good either. <br/><br/>Harper (Deutch) works for Kirsten (Liu), and Charlie (Powell) works for Rick (Diggs). They're both highly abused, and underpaid assistants. So when the two meet, they hatch a plan to get their bosses to fall for each other; hoping that it will make them happier and much easier to work for. The two then of course start to develop feelings for each other as well. <br/><br/>The movie is sweet, and the two lead characters are really likeable. Both Deutch and Powell are really charming in their roles as well. Diggs and Liu both make really nasty mean bosses too; I think Lucy Liu always makes one of the best dominatrices in film as well (like especially in 'PAYBACK'). Still, the movie is completely predictable and uninspiring (from a filmmaker's point of view at least). It is cute though, I'll admit. This film was cute, funny, and I know why everyone has been raving about it. The characters are strong and understandable, especially Kirsten. She is headstrong, inspiring, and really cool. My wife and I where really looking forward to this movie as it has Lucy Lui and Taye Diggs in it. However the movie failed to produce what we where hoping for as Netflix really advertised the heck out of it. First of all the characters where hard to develop or slow to develop so it was hard to get into it. Secondly the ending could have been better. I would rate this movie a 3 out of 10. Sorry. Set It Up is a charming romantic comedy that ticks all the boxes with its predictable story and various emotional ups and downs but never quite innovates enough to push beyond the conventions of this genre. Ultimately this makes Set It Up too formulaic to be remembered for years to come and feels more like an enjoyable, fleeting flick rather than one with real lasting appeal. Still, Set It Up does offer a few amusing scenes and there's a nice dramatic climax here too making it one of the better rom coms to be released of late. The writing of this film was so fresh and surprising in all the best ways, especially considering that not a lot of innovation goes into making a film of this genre. This film was clearly made with a lot of love and good intentions and excellent penmanship. There were some exhilirating moments in the film that made for such a enjoyable girl night experience. Thank you so much for giving this film to the world. This is clearly an unabashed appreciation post because all I really wanted to say was 'thank you!' The plot is super predictable, the main actress sounds like a baby (I honestly don't know why she squeezes her voice like that) and one cliche leads up to the next. The writers really didn't even try. Also the connection between the two bosses is really not credible. All in all: not even worth to watch on a plane. I liked the idea and everything, but there were too much Cliché romance between the main couple. I wish they could forcus/make it more realistic with their boss's relationship. It felt like they really tried hard to make it stylish and trendy but that's just it. I always thought that you should find at least one likable character in any movie, especially in a comedy. No chance in this movie. Pass. I can't believe how crass and unsophisticated this movie is. I'm a huge Jane Austen fan. Austen books and films are understated and the characters are multidimensional. The characters in the film, Set It Up, are pathetic and completely over-the-top. They are not likeable at all. The dialogue is gross too. Do people actually speak to one another in such a crude and sexual way? Good grief, can nothing be left to the imagination? This movie actually depressed me. God help anyone who is dating or "falling in love" if this is the way it actually is in reality. Thought this would be a sweet romantic comedy. Was disgusted by its vulgarity. Sex scenes, discussion topics, language, etc. Seemed very unintelligent. Trite self-indulgent yuppie culture trying so hard to be elite and "edgy".<br/><br/>I like what one of the other reviewers here said, that he/she only lasted 10 minutes. I couldn't even get to the gait. Set It Up is a nice comedy and it provides some entertaining moments, though you can easily see where things are going. It is pbvious from even the first few minutes what the ending will be, and yet, its worth watching even so, as it isn't boring, it is just cliche. It was actually pretty funny. Good chemistry between Harper and Charlie. I'm looking forward to seeing Zoey Deutch in other things. The scene where Rick and Kirsten call Harper and Charlie into the office was absolutely terrible!!! I thought they were kidding, just to mess with the assistants! Wasted of my time. The story plot was boring. I had a hard time staying focused. Before seeing this movie, I had high expectations. A 62 Metacritic is fairly impressive for a movie like this, but after watching it I realized that it only had 14 critic reviews, not many. Hence, 62 makes sense. If this movie wasn't released on Netflix and it had a worldwide release, I bet you the Metacritic score would be around a 50, where it should be. Long story short, Set it Up revolves around 2 assistants, Harper and Charlie, who are so overworked by their bosses day in and day out that it seems they have lost themselves in the process. They are unable to have a social life because their bosses take up way too much of their time. They decide to set up their bosses so that they will spend more time with each other meaning they won't be in the office. This would give the assistants some time to themselves. In all honesty, it seems like a reasonable plan. This plot is something I haven't heard of so I was intrigued. However, once you watch the first ten minutes, you can predict how the majority of the movie will turn out. If you are really good, you may even be able to predict how the movie will turn out just by watching the trailer. I knew deep down how this movie would turn out, but I wanted to give it the benefit of the doubt. <br/><br/>Overall, it was as basic as rom-coms get. The highlight of this movie was definitely the hidden connection between Zoey Deutch (Harper) and Glen Powell (Charlie). They were cast perfectly for their roles and you can tell the chemistry is there regardless of the characters they play. On the other hand, I feel that there were major miscasting decisions. Lucy Liu (Kirsten) does her best to play the role of the power female in charge, but something about her performance falls flat. It's as if her character is supposed to have this hidden depth to it, but we never quite see her come full circle until the last few minutes. She is a brilliant and hardworking woman, but for some reasons in movies like these, the powerful women fail to see the truth until the very end. Taye Diggs (Rick) was completely miscast along was others like Joan Smalls (Suze). I can tell he tried to do his best with the script he was given, but he missed the mark for some reason. I understand that he is technically a supporting role, but his character just simply wasn't as memorable as the mean boss who is 'secretly' still in love with his ex-wife should be. <br/><br/>The script had its up and downs. It was definitely more 'rom' than 'com' so it was missing a lot of comedic aspects. This was disappointing because I feel as if this movie had a lot of room for comedy especially since I know Zoey and Glen could have sold the jokes. There were some comedy attempts, but none of them really worked except the occasional Creepy Tim moments. I must admit that his character definitely gave me a few laughs, but I would have loved a lot more laughs from this movie all around. This movie would definitely be a 6 or 7 out of 10 if: 1-The bosses were recast, 2-It had more comedic relief, and 3- The script was less predictable. But other than that, it was your average rom-com. Hats off to Zoey and Glen for their acting and chemistry... I actually really liked this movie! it's a feel good movie, great for a sunday night or to watch with your date. it's really sweet :)
also lucy liu is gorgeous