On one hand Amazon Studios has given us shows like Bosch and on the other hand invests money in "creators" in India who are pretentious bunch of hypocrites who can't write a good plot to save their lives. Time for Amazon to start anew in India and this time, hire actual talents and not a bunch of pseudo-progressives.<br/><br/>Women empowerment = Cussing, having drugs, acting like a constipated screeching idiots.<br/><br/>If you're going to harp on the good ol' muh patriarchy again, at-least don't act like complete hypocrites in YOUR OWN SHOW. It's absolute cringe. At this point, it's almost like when they sit to write the show they have only three ingredients. Sex, cussing and, more sex. Because that's all the talent they have. Acting like loud mouth degenerates does not make this mess "progressive."<br/><br/>Avoid like a plague for your own sanity. Hypocritical is what this show is. Every second of it. It depicts sexism disguised as feminism. The characters were pathetic to say the least. Disgustingly bad characters with pathetic, sexist and malicious motives. They were very poorly developed if not developed at all. The male characters are depicted aa wrong doers even if they do nothing wrong and the female characters are show as the "hero" or "victim" even if they are the ones who did every possible thing wrong. This show is pure garbage. Please do yourself a favour and don't watch this. Total waste of time. Its so cringy that I couldn't even watch till end . Unable to give less than 1 to this series. This is some poor taste web series designed to show Nudity, Feminism and cringe worthy one liners as new fashion.
Avoid watching and save your time. After watching for 10 minutes, i want break the phone but EMI are still pending and new phone can't purchase in lockdown. Its horror show for my neurons. Flop show don't watch u will be there regretting watch other shows please don't watch
Anything like this does not occur can not occur will not occur Pathetic acting, story and direction. It's a waste of time to watch this ... Well not sure what to call it. Worst show ever. No story or skillful acting or direction. All you get to see is an overdose of feminism and self destruction. Horrible. Just Horrible. No Storyline, No Script, No Acting. Absolute Garbage. Four More Shots Please (A Pretentious Prime Original) is a vague attempt at making a feminist show. We Indian, I must say have a very wrong notion about feminism. This show is supposed to be portraying women power in a fresh light but ironically this show is filled with cliches and cringe-worthy one liners which we are now already very used to seeing in Bollywood.
This show is filled with desperate innuendos to make it look more "progressive". The plot is mired with some very one dimensional and shallow writing.
And lastly about men in this show. Though I have no problem with strong female characters and I also know that in a feminist show you shouldn't really expect male characters to shine but this show fights "male chauvinism" with it's own version of "female chauvinism". Men are mere ornaments for a good orgasm in the show, which is exactly what Bollywood is known for (just with the roles reversed).
Total disappointment from the writing.<br/><br/>Edit - The above review only portrays the cons, which I believed would be the right way to criticize the show at that time, but looking at it's meager rating now I feel like I should add some pros too.
There are very few things which I liked about this show. One being the performances, especially by Kirti Kulhari. Another being the music. In spite of having an inconsistent and flawed script, it manages to pull a pretty decent finale. Stilted acting: Check
Cliché story: Check
Vapid script: Check
Forced sexuality: Check check check<br/><br/>I wish I could give less than zero.
That being said, I think you should watch at least one episode to see how hideous and distasteful it is.<br/><br/>If Amazon produces any more such show I will unsubscribe from Amazon Prime. Nonsense so called feminists who thinks men is only for enjoyment rest they are problems for us! Idiotic cast , and I hope you do not being more seasons. Just by the trailer you can know that this one is heading for disaster.
but after seeing the promos everywhere and nothing to much to do on sunday gave this a try. but i was continuously skipping through the episodes.
U can surely skip this borefest..No more shots please..!! Every once in a while there comes a show that realigns the contours of entertainment. A show that redefines the plane of artistic brilliance and creativity. Four More Shots Please! Is not that show.<br/><br/>The show was projected as an exclusive female project and hence no one had any illusions regarding what the story line would be. The trailers laid to rest any remaining doubts. I finished the entire season this weekend not because it induced binge watching, but because I did not want to write a review without fully exposing myself to the ordeal.<br/><br/>The show basically chronicles the adventures and misadventures of four young women living in Mumbai, as they wade through troubled waters infested with a plethora of personal, professional and mostly silly issues.<br/><br/>All the characters in the show are copybook stereotypes with no depth whatsoever. Imagination and detailing are conspicuously absent. The script is poorly written and the direction is equally bad.
The dialogue in turn is ordinary and drab. There is no humour except for some poor jokes that are even more poorly delivered by the actors on screen. The acting ranges from medicore ( Sayani Gupta) to horrendous ( Bani J). While, no one ever presumed that the actors in the series were seasoned method actors, the expectations were inflated given the hype created around the show.<br/><br/>Prateek Babbar makes the sound department look bad, for every time he speaks in English, one cannot understand a word he is saying. Instead of creating relatable characters who are imperfect and believable, we have here finely chiseled individuals who smack of superficiality.<br/><br/>The director very poorly oversells feminism and women empowerment by adopting all the hashtags and buzz words around, and manipulatively inserting scenes and injecting messages that are ridiculous. As the season progresses one can clearly make out that all the protagonists are unprofessional and entitled individuals who have not yet matured despite their contempt for other immature individuals.<br/><br/>The show bears an uncanny resemblance to most American sitcoms that you may have seen and all the sets and locations are designed in such a way to pass off Mumbai as an American city. I couldn't help stare with wondrous eyes at the plush and posh looking "houses" (yes, houses not flats) where almost all the characters live. It now seems most of my Mumbai based friends are living in indigence.<br/><br/>The background music is pretentious and does little to redeem the show.
All in all, the show doles out a liberal helping of mediocre content and hopes to cash on popularly trending themes that are transient in nature and hollow in body. Not looking forward to season 2. Watch this series of you want Outfit inspirations for a holiday coz you will nothing else out of this.. I am serious! Perfect depiction of what 3rd wave feminism is, this is second time I am writing a review as it got censored for the first time! As people have said do not waste your time, bandwidth on this garbage. Trash Web-Series. There are so many good web-series out there. This is one of the worst. What is it ..horrible, depressed after watching the show.. This show doesnt connects with us.
Only money, big sets, big stars can not make for a good show, there is soul missing in this one. The girls thinks cussing, drinking, having sex is feminism. the characters are ugly and unlikable. at least satc had good voiceover of sjp and nice clothes. this has loud music and cheap dialogues. What a waste of 7 hours! All 9 episodes were going nice and interesting and kept the audience hold onto their seat and the 10 episode just blew my mind and made me feel like banging myself in the wall. What a stupid ending it was, the director and writer really thought that ending will help them hooked on the audience to watch the next season also. I feel such a waste of time, I literally feel like crying that I wasted my time watching this show! I wished I could give a negative rating!<br/><br/>PS: All stars did good acting but writer sucked the last episode! Even if Season 2 was coming, Writer could have given some ending even it not a happy ending. Now everything feels so incomplete and waste, not at all looking forward for season 2. Pathetic Pathetic and Pathetic.
Totally useless mindless.
For them and other like-minded think drinking, abusing and and and having sex with multiple person is feminism. Don't even bother watching it....4 girls in a city, eyeing guys, catching up with friends at a bar to crib about their lives or toast to something that went well....dealing with mid life crisis...blah blah blah.....bad performances....bad casting....most of it.... This feminism thing is getting grossly misused in today's world especially in India. In some of the scene there was a talk about size of man male part and they were judging a man by its size. Now is this not objectifying a man. That's what is called double standards. The show just tries to gain views by showing hot scenes. The shows like this are gonna waste the future and upcoming generations. India totally going the wrong way. Indian values are getting lost and they are trying to follow west so deep and in the process getting screwed. The show is total crap. A Show on modern Mumbai women definitely has potential. But this show felt one without much substance, I wish there were a deeper level of story instead of just sex every 2 minutes. Very disappointed with this show and even the acting was not upto par. Hated it. Did not like it a bit. I had to skip the part through all the episodes. Could not watch it for straight 5 minutes without skipping it. 30 minutes felt like an hour. And I know this because I am a TV show enthusiast. Wait for critics to give their opinions. One word review "trash" . Save your time amd internet The show falls on its face trying to look cool with unbearably bad acting packed with corny dialogues and forced writing. Distatsteful and cringe-inducing. Does not have a proper story line. Hopeless. Wasted my time watching this. Well, there is nothing much to say. And all there was to say has been explicitly described in my review of the first season of this show that I was able to watch somehow.<br/><br/>However, even the lockdown couldn't compel me to watch more than a few episodes of the second season. It is terrible much like the first one. If you are reading this and haven't yet wasted your monthly data on the show, I implore you to keep things that way.<br/><br/>If there another season coming ( I hope it does not) before it does, I hope the scientists develop a vaccine against this pretentious gigantic stupidity. Cringy dialogues, Misogynistic, Dumb Web Series. I would have given 0 stars. Just hype & nothing else. Poor Story line. In an effort to represent modern women as "Progressive", the show directors have done poor job. If you are looking for some "B-Graded" scenes in a polished visualization , then you can watch this.<br/><br/>Bottom line of the story of this series is - Job, Drink, sex, random hookups & repeat everything the same order to show you are modern progressive , independent women 4 girls frustrated from their own life . Blame mens all the time for their troubles but always looks for free sex all the time.<br/><br/>This is truly a waste of time ..Don't watch it . There was so much opportunity in making a meaningful and funny follow-up series based on Veere di Wedding. With a cast that had Maanvi Gagroo (the only bright spot in this trashy crap of a series) and Sayani Gupta, i wish the director and story writers had given them something to work with.<br/><br/>There was virtually no story nor character development, something that could have been told in 2 episodes took them 10. Everybody, i repeat everybody was either never acting or over acting.<br/><br/>Please don't waste your time like i did. A movie version of a book you would read on a train, otherwise not read at all. A good binge watch, but a story with no substance riding on good acting skills of the cast and the new age feminist wave. I tried completing at least one episode. Tried three times. Gave up every time in 5mins. I thought I am not doing justice, should give it a try. Just could not do it. Finished watching this show yesterday only and was disappointed to the core due to the cheap and lazy writing by the so called scriptwriters. A school kid can write a better screenplay that this pathetic show.
The whole idea behind this show was to show independent women and yet when you see this show, you do not feel any genuine connection or attachment to them. It is just a story of 4 Rich brat girls who cannot even deal with simple life problems as they were born with a silver spoon in their mouth and had faced no hardship in life. Still they complain and cry about their life everyday at a bar and drink till they are totally wasted. Their sob story is not even worth pitying for.
Characters are not written properly, they are totally inconsistent and have no stable personality.
Bani has the most ridiculous character who sleeps with people of both genders to get rid of her depression and we are supposed to think it's cool to do that. Also she speaks in a very fake Canadian Punjabi Accent which is really irritating.
Sayani Gupta is shown as a career woman but her story is not at all convincing. On one hand, she is shown as a legendary investigative journalist and on the other hand, she has OCD, drinks everyday, fantasizes about sleeping with a man, sleeps with another one and has sleepless nights.
Kirti Kulhari as a single mother is the worst performer of all. She doesn't even know what she is playing in the show. Her accent is also fake, she talks in English all the time especially to her daughter and her character is also psychotic.<br/><br/>Overall this is a pathetic shown written by bunch of frustrated females with a feminist propaganda which is not convincing at all. The writers and the actors need to consult a psychologist to stabilize their mind instead of justifying their nonsense insanity on screen . Will give this show 0 out of 10. Such a distasteful horrendous disaster it is! Words can't even begin to describe my plight of watching this. Guess I was too vain to watch this moronic, male bashing, immodest, deceiving work of the satan! Content like this if taken seriously by the impressionable minds of this country can lead to severe consequences. Being public figures rather pubic figures u guys should be a lot more responsible and aware about what u r sending out to this country, to the world. Seriously, petrified and weary of the evil shown in this female chauvinistic, male belittling explicit torture. Story is run behind 4 open minded women and their struggle with life each have their own story... Tried to show Mumbai culture but in my opinion doesn't fit at all.. mostly seem US culture tryed to fit in Mumbai<br/><br/>Sex scene are like here and there not shown gap in story (it's like they are always available) if you remove sex scene I think it could complete in 5 episodes<br/><br/>In total 10 episodes at the end it comes to the same point of their life... Only need to see what happen next It's B-Grade porn movie story. This show is pathetic and should have stopped. Four more shots .... No.<br/><br/>I do prefer a single (gun) shot to my head at point blank range and die in a hospital with a diabetic coma rather than watching and spending my 1.5 hours on this filth which I'll never get back. Sad thing is that they r making such videos & justifying their ideology. if u c , so called RW guy is shown unrealistic, illogical.. reality is, there r good reasons 2call them anti national ...<br/><br/>Question is .... why v r not making such videos to counter them ?<br/><br/>#UrbanNaxals Review:<br/><br/>The story revolves around the life of four women, Damini, Siddhi, Anjana and Umang's day to day life dealing with romance, work-life conflicts and ambition anxieties.<br/><br/>Four More Shots Please (FMSP) by Amazon is a failed attempt to break the previous notions of the Bollywood's romcoms and passing the benchmark of the Millenial generation catering to their taste of entertainment which doesn't follow the rules of the older generation.<br/><br/>However, it clears fails at its attempts of doing so.<br/><br/>FMSP clearly gains the attention of the viewers in every episode with wit and humour and fantastic cinematography but fails at connecting the dots to the consecutive episodes and the way.<br/><br/>Apparently, series could have a better ending but failed at it.<br/><br/>Overall, FMSP could have been a fantastic series however pathetic storyline bares it from doing so.<br/><br/>Rating: 3/10 Spoilt Rich girls crying over mundane problems which can even be handled by teenagers on their own. They do not have the courage to solve their problems and resort to drinking, smoking, sleeping with everyone. Never seen such weak characters on screen. There is no sense of morality or ethics or even basic manners inside them but still the show somehow tries to portray them as these strong self righteous confident women. In short, this show is 'nonsense' to the core and all the characters are cry babies. Don't bother wasting your time on this one . There is nothing real about it . Bad direction , script and acting . It is a Sex and the City wannabe but sadly without it's with and humour. It is not clear what the story want to say.there is no onbjective of storytelling If you can tolerate this for more than 5 minutes, and actually sit through an episode, you deserve respect. Brain dead show. This web-series will give you brain damage. These people can't even solve their own problems. So stupid. Wannabes trying to show off they are cool and deliberately using the profanity F word. Stupid show I am waiting for the next episodes! Such stories are often criticized but the truth lies in them. It is not about feminism but is about few sides of women which are lying beneath the society. Just recently subscribed to Prime and thought to give it a shot to this show about 4 Modern Women living the Mumbai Life.<br/><br/>Firstly, I need to be clear, I am not aware of the Mumbai Life as I am an Indian living abroad. But I'd still like to give my 2 cents.<br/><br/>While I like the tone of the show and it tries to give a meaningful message but somehow they manage to crap on that very same message.<br/><br/>The setting of the show seems too good to be true, as far as I have heard from my friends "Mumbai ain't looking like that".<br/><br/>The 4 characters are diversified and have their own issues but I would prefer they would have touched their issues at a deeper level. The show has potential but they need to rethink the whole concept of the show as to why they started it in the 1st place.<br/><br/>Hopefully they compensate it in the 2nd season. ðŸ‘Ž,expectations se bohat kam he!story line not up to the mark Do not judge this show with all the critique and technicalities if you can relate to it then this the best show and i recommend it to every one. A must watch show. All have done great acting. And story is really good. I don't know why people are posting negative reviews for such a good web series. If not for this lockdown would have never watched this. People please don't make season 3..very amateur! I guess a good series for 14 17 yr old who love all that feminist glittery life. Nothing worth though! Such a pathetic attempt to insert unwanted and unhealthy lifestyle. Chemistry is good. But bewajeh stretching se pareshan ho jaoge Don't waste your time by watching most of the Bollywood we series and movies, instead of this watch south movies which are better than Bollywood My wife had a fever, so we were in the house all day and stumbled across Four More Shots on Prime. WOW!<br/><br/>This is an incredible series. Each character offers a great POV - the cinematography BAM - the acting INCREDIBLE - the direction, TOP-NOTCH. There is a fun balance between drama and comedy which is always appreciated.<br/><br/>This show discusses various social taboos with nuance, from the heart, not in a preachy way. I really hope your entire team gets the recognition you deserve. Thank you Cast & Crew for offering such great content to our world.<br/><br/>PS: Also, special shout out to the LGBTQ+ stories/characters this show features. As lesbian women, my wife and I have both been through a lot of difficulty in our lives dealing with homophobia and so these stories were received with special gratitude. Please keep highlighting these characters and giving them a bit more screen time would be amazing.<br/><br/><3 I knew exactly what the plot will be even without looking at the promos. It's such a sheer waste of talent, all the protagonists are undoubtedly some fine actors. The script, screenplay and dialogues are so predictable, just hope no more web series of the same theme come out. I really don't know why so much negative comments but I really found it well written, entertaining and great acting. Sayani Gupta was superb in this series. Its a must watch I feel. Its 27 jan 3:15am.. i completed the whole season... I loved it... Great acting..great show..
Thanks for making this .
Waiting for next season !!!
And I made imbd account just now .. as i felt people 5.1 rating does not do any justice to your work.
Full star from my side.
All four were amazing. Kudos for making a show like this. There are four relatable characters, no insta love, no creepy stalker love interests and most of all not basing every problem in their lives around their relationships. Please don't watch this kind of series ek dum ghatiya.... Its a show showing full of non sense about women, which i feel do not exist in 2019, full time waste types show don't go for it personal suggestion rest upto you Don't watch it .. very bad item based propaganda to support Librandus. With the release of show, ppl started to gave negative reviews. Seriously!! U watched entire series within 5 minites? And um still watching this. Show is suprisingly good. Full crap..".Say bad about men and you are cool" .<br/><br/>At least desperate housewives had some mystery elements which creates interest to watch out for the next episode..But here you will get nothing...It is boringggggg like hell..
Bani looked dirty..She should not act in future..<br/><br/>@amazon prime's worst creation.. I really enjoyed the series though I am very disappointed by the length of the season as there are many important threads left in cliffhanger too abruptly. My primary issue with the show is that it takes inspiration way too blatantly from a variety of Bollywood/ Hollywood movies and tv shows. A lot of the concept can be traced back to sex and the city. The pool scene involving lawyer and her intern is copy of a movie. This is the primary reason why I have deducted 3 stars for lack of originality. However despite that, the show manages to provide enough entertainment after being repackaged into an Indian style women focused show. Some of the low rating reviews here are misleading and reaffirm some of the issues highlighted in the show for e.g. some users are slut shaming siddhi's character. Over all I do not think the show is trying to convey a deep message and focuses more on the fun aspect of all the characters' life, so one should not read too deeply into it and the flawed arguments and imperfections of these characters just make them more realistic and relatable. I personally recommend this as a lighthearted comedy/drama watch and will wait for next season. Disgusting and totally useless web series I have ever seen Show women having lots of adultery and sex + show women drinking alcohol like water + show women abusing , cursing , slandering men and using profanity = Feminist Agenda achieved<br/><br/>Total garbage show , I wish I could give 0 May say vibrant colours and fantastic shooting locations although that's it completely. Never bothered about the script as it's a complete SATC rip off but at least they could end it in a much better way. Season one was still ok to do with but season two takes you for a ride. This is one of the best shows available . showing what modern educated women yearn ... N at the same time loaded with entertainment, sex.... A good opportunity for guys to learn what women want and atthe same time be entertained....<br/><br/>But lo, ppl have rejected this show.. By giving 5.2 rating.... Shows how regressive we still can be and how much we still have to grow up ... Like 1942 a love story this show is way ahead of its time... Maybe when my daughter will grow up, this show would be a big hit... A warning to the TV viewers as I dont know if this series is upto your expectations as this series includes lgbt thing and sexual contents. Its the modern era series, finally something out of the naagin and saas bahu and lovers story. It would feel like nobody has such life but my friend we are living ours and we dont know what another's life is! So enjoy the series as they have worked hard for giving the best entertainment they can...So just amazon prime and chiilll and relax! To the cast, brilliant acting and everyone was perfect. But I didn't like the ending, I think it should continue with the story lining up like divorce case winning the child life with Arjun, Samara and Bani met and they happily announced it to the media and living the happy life,etc. Loved the series😍 Season was ok to watch and you can always feel like you have watched similar senes.
season 2 is the worst..all characters are goofy..its like whatever S**t they make people are ready to watch. Need way more than 4 shots to undo this experience. Worst show ever,poor content!! I DIDNOT LIKE THE SHOW Just 10 minutes gave me headache..somehow managed to watch 1 episode..Horrible acting..Shabby Screenplay..Useless story..I just fast forwarded other episodes..looked even more ridiculous.. Worst web series of all time. Bad acting, no storyline just too boring Bakwas series. Content less series
Don't watch it even if u r bored due to quarantine #four more shots pela........one of the best series i've ever seen...literally...its totally odds and story has good content then others....haters gonna hate Its their work and and duty.haters thiink that they are the significant human beings in so called society🤣🤣🤣🤣😎🤣 Everyone express their views on how this web-series was and more..<br/><br/>My view is that - all you need is to be happy and everyone has their own version of it and these four girls just hit rock high and even rock bottom in all the way of their life..<br/><br/>Never Judge - This is an amazing story of four women who identified themselves with something which there never was.. LOVE.. SEX.. TRUST.. FRIENDSHIP.. RELATIONS... Everything was portrayed as niche as possible.<br/><br/>KUDOS for taking it all the way up here.. I was waiting for the show after watching the trailer (i found the trailer to be little over the edge) and let me tell you girls - It is absolutely worth it. Very close to the real world and how the scene of women is changing in India. Women are more open about their needs which has never been taken down well by most Indian men. Obviously the bad ratings are given by MEN as expected because they would never accept women who are so open about their feminism. 4 stories of 4 women, all different and interesting. Not that this is how things should be, but where they are now. A must watch and am desperately waiting for the next season! Good show with an updated concept. Ideal selection of star cast. Good performance but average implementation. Also ending should have been better. But overall worth a watch. Nice. Entertaining show. Don't believe critic reviews. Just watch it It is beautiful....binge watched the entire season.The ratings here should be ignored.
Yes it might sound feministic , women centric and all...its a good piece of work and a unique kind. Great acting , great script...can't wait for the next season...cheers I can't figure why there are so many low ratings I almost binge watched it, was so much fun, some brilliant acting and done very well. Gotta wait for Season 2. This is a good show. The leads have done a great job, they've owned their characters. The story may run a little loose at a few points but it catches on. The message of women trying to fight patriarchy at every point in their lives is beautifully portrayed. It's raw, it's got passion, romance, sex and unabashed slamming down of men who take women for granted. So, if these things are not your cup of tea, then this show isn't for you.<br/><br/>P.S- It's funny how all the negative reviews on here are by men. You would get a different all together feel, s you keep on watching and very fun. I have actually binge watched and completed entire season. Happenings in the life of four women with salt and pepper added to the same. The performances of all the lead actors are good and some are bench marking scenes. Ittalks about both faminism, women at work and LGBTQ righs etc., with fun involved at different scenes.
Go For It. Fingers crosses for the next season. This series is worth watching if you have a broader set of thinking. Acting was good and script was nice. Just binge watched the entire series! Love the story, the characters, the casting and directions! Everything is truly awesome! My personal favourite character is super ambitious super successful Damini! And loved the last episode! Damn Kirti's cry in the last episode tears the heart apart! Waiting for the season 2! Full love and support!!! Bless you! Outstanding work! Hey bartender season 2 please! 😊 ;) Every weekend friend met and discuss on topic whatever happened with them.
It is used to divert Indian brain, how to enjoy living relation, how to leave ur family, how ease to take divorce, how good to talk girl friend of ur own husband, how not to listen to your parents, u love argument. All these topics and they created story which is not at all feel good to listen how could people watch. I gave my time for season 1 coz ofy wife and we found waste of time Just watch it..i love this show..want a second season Series is worth watching. If you are a sensible person, you will like it. No doubt about it. Although the feminism whips hard in some episodes, which explains stereotypes trolling, and downfalled rating but it is just a friction against new era. The series is full of ups and downs in and throughout the season. All the characters are well though and well presented. Some people don't like the fact that it only addresses to upper class rich women. Well, yes money solves some issues but not all. Also why is it a requirement that all such cinematic presentations should necessarily cover all the problems under the sun. It should not be an issue. I mean we all watched 'Zindagi na milegi dobara' and enjoyed it. After all it is web-series not an essay that should cover all the important points. Although the series is up for some improvements, but the casting of Milnd Woman & Liza Ray lifted it all up. I mean 90's favorite Models. Guys may not relate to most of the problems the characters face, so may be for boys this series is not as such appealing. If you see yourself as a liberal and open minded person you will definitely enjoy the ride. Worth binge watching... 🤓 Waiting for next season already. Finally a show which comes close to giving women a clearer idea of what they can be and not what they should be. These vodka chugging cigarette smoking and financially independent women are goals for so many people who come so close getting what they want and Wimping out at the last minute out of societal pressure. We finally see examples of women being bossss I never write reviews for series but just finished watching the first season in one sitting and it is SO GOOD! Everyone on this show acted so well that it's dificult to pick your favourite. Highly recommend! Eagerly waiting for season 2!! The show just shows uselessness of men for women or in this world.
This show is a hokum! Why are there so many Indian men rating this show and writing reviews?? Clearly they have an issue with Indian women showing up like this on screen, and clearly it doesnt go down well with them! Ofcourse! Why rate this show? Why take the time out to write a review so passionately about something that has no value to them whatsoever!! Yes, as the show clearly points out.. in India men are everywhere.. its only men all around.. just standing and staring... and writing reviews aparently! Unemployed and under-employed men! Well.. clearly.. This is freaking amazing series and waited for next season if come. Amazing work by the girls and boys too and last episode is the epic Must watch There's a good character build up as the series progresses, this is meant for very niche audience which exists only in Delhi or Mumbai.
In a country where majority just falls for any sadhu baba, women aren't safe to step out after dusk and are still living in patriarchy setup, this show represents Indian women of the other side, which is in minority.
Sadly, this series will be hated (not just disliked) by the most (which you can read from majority of haters in the review section). I loved this show!!!!! Each character was easy to love! Can't wait for season 2!!!! I started watching and I didn't stop until I had watched the entire season. What surprised me most was how many really bad reviews there were by people who also watched all 10 episodes. OK, yes, close the bedroom door, we get it. But there was such real pathos...single mother, ambitious, passionate career women, lifestyle agony, self discovery. It's not for everybody but it does have a compelling set of stories that leaves you wanting to know what happened to these women. Scrolling through the reviews had me fuming because they are filled with backward Indian men giving their two bits on a topic they will never seem to truly understand. Four more shots is a show that, I hate to say it, seems ahead of its time since our country hasn't made the necessary progress for a show like this to be reviewed based on its content by the general public instead of by angry butt-hurt men claiming that they understand "feminism".<br/><br/>Four more shots is a show about women reclaiming their narrative, be it a single mother coping with her responsibilities, a bi-sexual woman escaping her family life for the fear that they will never understand her, a daughter that is constantly shamed for not being society's idea of beauty that too by her own mother or a fierce journalist who built up her own company. It portrays women in India in a light that they have never been shown in on a scale as big as this. In fact it is because of a lack of content like this that the rest of the world has so many misconceptions about our country.<br/><br/>Yes, the story lines were rushed and yes, the term feminism was thrown around lightly. However, this show wasn't trying to be something pretentious. It was merely trying to be there and show up amidst content where women are only pawns or Bahus or nothing dynamic like they are in reality. It aimed at starting a dialogue.<br/><br/>As a young closeted queer person, this show gave me hope that one day my fantasy can be reality. Yes the LGBTQ+ community has been given more importance in media than it has ever gotten, but mainstream media still hasn't accepted it the way it should be. Representation matters. Showing stories as such matters.<br/><br/>The major complaints the reviews had was that women drinking, cursing, smoking and having sex is not feminism. That is true, it most certainly not. But if you think that showing women do such things is what the creators were trying to portray as feminism and if you think they were wrong for it, then you must clearly see the irony in why such representation is important; because if the signs are flashing in neon in front of your eyes and you still seem blinded, you are the problem. If it was men doing these things it wouldn't even be a topic of discussion but since it is women but of course angry Indian men need to talk about sanskaars and how this isn't the portrayal of Indian feminism we need.<br/><br/>Another complaint is that it is a rip off of sex and the city. What really intrigues me and what is absolutely hilarious is that the same men that would be oogling at Carrie Bradshaw having casual sex, are raging over the portrayal of Indian women the same way.<br/><br/>In terms of quality content, this is definitely a binge worthy show that will have you laughing and weeping both at once and separately. It is bold and it is entertaining. But most of all it can teach you a thing or two :) It's an great story,The casting was perfect like it was very well packed story.This stories shows that this world is not only for men it's the world of women power they are reaching there dreams and they are not equal they are front of us with there hard working attitude and there dreams,Salute for this story waiting for the next season ðŸ˜‡ I believe all the lead performances are powerful and relatable to a great extent. Unluckily, this indian society is still not so capable of taking women as leaders of their own terms, conditions, and full of freedom. The entire team has made up a good source of entertainment, relationships, goals, friendships, social issues and equality. Thats what they all bring like this to have a more equal world. Looking forward to it with much enthu and excitement. And yes..its Music rocks. Regards. Umang is a horrible actor. The rest are pretty good actors. That scene in episode one of season 2 where they are on top of the building, overly dramatic scene. Umang makes the show unwatchable. Stupidest thing on internet. Writers please stop because whatever you think you are doing sucks. Total $hit in name of feminism. Can't go beyond one episode. Filled with feminazi ideas, nothing worth watching. Instead of spending a bomb on advertising this series so much, the creators should have spent some money on script. Idk why people are actually giving this series a hype . They clearly doesn't even know what good tv series look like .
You can watch alot of good tv series but this one , please no don't . I thought it would be good to start the season with my girl friend after 4 episode it made me feeling bore. All weekday whatever happen to 4 girl they discuss on weekend while taking shot. Based on boy series virgin Bhaskar it is too funny to handle, based on girl series four shot need four more shot to forgot The "problems" the characters face are shallow. The ways in which they attempt to address them is shallow. The resolutions are superficial and shallow. The writing and acting never reach any kind of depth or realism. Yeah, shallow is the word that best describes this show. Seriously bad!, A very wrong notion about women empowerment is shown, such shows are dangerous to our culture. Director and Writer should be punished with treason, misinterpretation of facts, wrongful influence and murder. They protagonist women shown in the entire episodes are actually seriously ill , uncultured and bad women. What else I can say, they are an abuse for me. I never seen a tv show like this one. Four more shots gives me a new sight to see a new India. For many years I thought India was so fall behind.but they made a new picture now. Women can stand up and make vioce for themselves. I don't konw why man are so mean, why are you so afraid women talking about sex?
The world not only belong to the man, it also belong to the women. All the people who gave this show 1point were too stupid to see the equal world.
In the end, I can't wait to see the season2. Love all guys who make this wonderful gouges tv show! This show has all the accoutrements for making a good TV show. I started watching it without any expectations but this TV show took me by surprise. All the lead actors acted well, the script was well written and the background music was meticulously chosen. For non Indian audience, this TV show offers a different slice of India that most Indian TV shows do not offer, thanks to TV censorship in India. Kudos to the whole cast and crew! This is really awesome and amazing , Its good to be true. The series is about four women of different ages and facing situations that are still not accepted by the Indian society as such and hence the hate comments. But I felt the series was on point to what women of any generation is facing. Few are just not ready to accept the change. The shows potrays the actual things going on in the mind of modern day women.
<ul><li>Am I a good mother if I am a working mother</li><li>Do looks really matters to people who matters to us</li><li>Do I need society acceptance to clear the self doubt I have</li><li>Do i need to fight for myself always or is it ok to be vulnerable</li><li>Should I accept the societal norms of marriage or should I be with someone I love</li><li>Is it really a big deal</li></ul><br/><br/>Women of modern times judge themselves before they are being judged by others. This creates stress.<br/><br/>The season ended on high note.<br/><br/>To be watched ny everyone. It felt like one of those in Netflix. I dont know why people are complaining here. It just felt like how friendship in reality is and how the relationships are. I have watched Lucifer, Designated Survivor and The Shooter and I dont see why FMSP doesnt match to them. New age drama that was much needed. Keeps you hooked till the end and now waiting for second season. I watched all 10 episodes at one go this weekend! It was so good i couldnt turn it off!! Acting was 10/10..love the look and feel of the show!! Really glad to see this kind of a show based in India.. Happy that taboo topics were dealt with in such an entertaining way!! Very satisfying to watch.. if you are the target audience for this show.. you know what i mean!! Enjoy! It's awesome just awesome it is 1000% then sas bhau series we have Such a fun show! As a fan of Bollywood and Indian films and shows it was great to see something that modern. It is reminiscent of Sex in the City and the music was so much fun. I binged watched the whole season and can't wait for more. Open & universal subject.
All performances are best.
The best Romance with maturity....
Thank u all of this project. This is one of the most resonant Indian series. The transition from the orthodox to modern woman and the challenges are real. Looking forward to the second season I thought this show was great! The series follows four girls in Mumbai who come come together and share a good friendship despite having very different life experiences up until they met. It's entertaining, relatable, and it has a young desi liberal city girl vibe to it. Which I'm so here for!<br/><br/>I was surprised to see such negative reviews though. Many of them critique the show based on how feminist it is (or isn't). But I like that the girls are flawed because that's just a testament to real life. It simply follows four interesting narratives and showcases their resilience to make it through whatever life throws at them. That's the beauty of it. Finally a women centric show with character building!! Sure it reminded me of sex and the city but it's not a rip off. The characters development is good, acting is good and if you don't start getting judgemental, it's quite relatable. Don't go by the trailers and the over hyped publicity.. the show really is worth it. This is it!!! It's an amazing show to watch for... one after one each episode is done in an amazing way!
Pritish Nandi well done! Such kind of series should be introduced and this series somehow reminded me of angry Indian goddess movie!!!
Hats off ..take a bow TEAM! Waiting for S2
Nice storyline.
👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾 It's a great series with a brilliant cast which is really rare. The ratings here don't do justice. Ignoring sexual content... the show greatly explain about how people suffering to maintain reputation and scarifying their happiness in the name of traditional values. This show Is just frigging amazing loved the show such a great piece of work watched all the episodes in one night damn in love with the story and concept great work mann❣❣❣❣ Unrealistic, I mean the way they are living is very complex Totally waste of time and internet pack. There is nothing great in the story. It Just like four girls turned into prostitutes. Sorry not prostitutes more than that. I must say that if this is Feminism, then it really is a disease.. else creator of this show Must see a doctor.
No good message is being delivered to society by this, although a negative one for sure.
Acting- It's as bad as the actors playing the roles. Nothing better could have been expected from them, so it's OK.
Story- There is no story. Just life of 4 girls trying to prove that sex, drugs and egoistic attitude actually means being MODERN.
From entertainment point of view, you will enjoy this if you love adult jokes and sex scenes in between. Otherwise don't waste Your time watching it. Stop watching after first episode. Boring plot and narration FOur MorE tH0tS plEAsE.........
FOur MorE tH0tS plEAsE.........
FOur MorE tH0tS plEAsE......... Just drink and sex to get audience nothing else and senseless script and idiotic feminism One word review " Trash".............................. Lmao it's very to swallow that many people are actually giving 10 or 8 ratings to this pathetic junk series...... That clearly show they have no idea how other series are...i have seen many legendary series and lame ones... And i can clearly say the plot of four more shots is very lame, direction and screen play was okay... Man about the over acting and fake accents used are just terrible..... So it's basically pseudo feminist kinda series.... And yes it's not a good thing to support it... I read few reviews where they said, "people are still under developed to take inn such harsh truth about the society and the free thing women can do" lmao all i can say is the person is just being pathetic... These are the type of people who cry over not getting an iPhone... Lmao... Overall the series wasn't good at all... If a person said it's good and I would recommend to all... That dude really needs help!!!.... 😂 😂 I somewhere read "best series ever made" haha... breaking bad, GOT, Sopranos, prison break, stranger thing, dark, money heist, madmen have all left the chat..... You can clearly tell that people giving reviews like that have not seen any of those series i mentioned above.... This show is a great example of the wrong kind of feminism. Terrible portrayal of women and people in general. Kirti is a brilliant actress, Maanvi does well too, Bani did amazing acting in Big Boss but not here and Sayani is good too. All 4 of them have fallen prey to the terrible writing and poor direction. Hope they find better projects to showcase their amazing talent.
Second season just confirmed how bad this series is. Filth and filth everywhere.. no story .. disgusting. Its like the stale food that you order on midnight. What a crap show.even if I am in quarantine I will never watch this crap.acting is disastrous and story oh my god I bang my head on wall Worst webseries I have ever watched... Insulting boys is the only prime reason why this webseries is created
Although season 1 was quite good but season 2 is a flop show. After a promising season 1, season 2 lacks the very basics of season 1. The makers r just trying to give a basic closure to the season 1 stories. The wicked humor, fun and a fantastic base of every character is loosely handled in season 2 and kinda cheapness has replaced all the best parts. Created an IMDb account for the first time in my life to give 1 star rating to this show, basically that's how bad it is. This is nothing more than a B grade movie. Totally wastage of time and effort. This series is so much twisted, it's like nothing can go right in it. This is what f**ks with your mind. Although I had all the time in the world due to this lockdown but still I am disappointed I wasted it on this. No Story. Just Sex, Sex & Sex. 4 women highly insecure and can't even solve their own problems. which even a 15-16 yr old can solve. Boring. It's so bad. I can't watch it after 4 episodes. Boring. Similarity can be found in 'Sex In The City' A Web-series full of weak characters. No Maturity. Can't solve their own problem. Sad thing is that they r making such videos & justifying their ideology. if u c , so called RW guy is shown unrealistic, illogical.. reality is, there r good reasons 2call them anti national ...<br/><br/>Question is .... why v r not making such videos to counter them ?<br/><br/>#UrbanNaxals Oh God - Season Two. One thought one season was more than enough. No more shots please. Like a glossy cover all shiny and pretty you start watching the show with this expectation of something new bold and sexy and what you get is A cheap
Copy of Sex and the city without the sex the humour and style - the dialogues the situations the mannerisms just sad Series which doesn't have any core subject. Don't understand what the creator or the artist want from this series. I gave first series 7 star, but now watching 2 season it is not even worth of 0 star...though you can watch 1 st season for timepass. Even Race 3 is better than this series.. Season 2 has no story. They wanted to highlight the girls and thus forgot to plot a sensible story around. Pathetic. Waste of time. Four more shots is a show trying to depict and Portray the changing modern role of women in the modern society . It is a copy of Sex and the city without any innovation. It's just remake of the entire show, don't waste your time seeing such a concept less, ridiculous show with no proper story line and nothing original of its own Writing strong female characters is totally different from what this show portrays.
It is full of cringe worthy one-liners. I recently started watching this on Amazon Prime. I was initially quite impressed with the show. Till around episode 5 the show goes on well and keeps intact the audience, After episode 5 season 1 the show suddenly becomes boring and lapses in direction start to be visible. The story line and direction in 6 and 7 were awful. I havent seen the rest but after seeing 7th episode . I decided I had enough of crappy content and stopped watching. tis could have been a great show but you made it crap. I am definitely not seeing the next season. Seems like they're trying too hard to make another Sex and the City.
Acting is average. Actors don't fit well in their roles. I know so much hard work goes behind making a series .. actors try their best to do justice to their roles. But this one.... gosh!!! This is pathetic and disgusting. Those who rated it 7 or 10 were probably high when they watched it. A normal human being can't take this.. How did they manage to release such a terrible season. A preposterous story about unrelatable characters; the script seems filled with plots and buzzwords that are expected to attract the young generation. The acting is clearly unsupported by proper direction. Catchlines always fall flat and are cringeworthy. Swear words are thrown around purposelessly to make the dialogs sound cool. Forgettable series. He life is in metro & how challenging it becomes. I do have best friends who also have the same kinda lifestyle but still they find their way out in there life.<br/><br/>I never created an IMDB account but for the first time I created an account to vote for this show.<br/><br/>#femalepower #upbringing #lgbtSupport #indianeedstoGrowup Loved the acting, loved the dialogues, the entire plot and the execution. i am a mother and can so relate to this lady who has not a moment to spare for herself.. very well written.. can relate to the work society restricts a woman from and the judgements people pass just because you are woman.. i didnt expect the ending as it went at all.. i was expecting a happy ending.. eager for the next season..
hats off to all the people who have put in their efforts to bring this up.. great work team.. I liked it how all 4 have their own stories but after seeing the ending, it seems like it could have a 2nd season if all goes well. Nothing special. Feminism , no trust in any institution including marriage, regular office villans and some masala here and there and ofcourse addsome anti govt masala to the mix. Every episode is so predictable, I am feeling sorry that I dragged myself through this . social issues that they are trying to cast is just the churn of society with times. Just another pathetic attempt to cash in on this I'm not going to lie but I watch 1 episode to understand but it was awful, unrealistic and boring. I m fan of these type of international series like desperate housewives but this is a poor show. All 4 central characters are not good actors. They lack expressions, emotions and sassy ness. Make up was too bad. Guys, there is so much better content for binge watching. In one word, AVOID. First season was good and I was looking forward for 2nd and it was a great disappointment. Highly not recommended ðŸ‘Ž Pathetic and completely lost story. Idiotic storry. Khichdi of all Propagandist stories. Totally waste of time. Don't watch....... ......worst acting There's nothing but vulgarity in the show. Absolutely pathetic with No story line. The creators of this show assume that lack of talent in the actors can be compensated by using random abusive language by their characters. It seems that they have a strong belief that unwarranted show of cleavages and thighs can make up for non existent depth in the story. One star is also a very high rating for this show. I honestly fail to understand why profanity, sex, defiance and vulgarity is always the only way to prove a woman has made her mark in a "man's world".<br/><br/>If she's not your typical "bahu/behen" then she's an unnecessarily obnoxious, unapologetically in your face, constantly swearing to shut you down in every other sentence. We get it, women have been asked to be silent for decades and countless have sacrificed more than one can imagine. We get it. But the answer is not for them to turn into a man and do as he does. The same men we refer to as pigs!
It's not empowering if women expected to become our worst version of themselves to be seen, heard of respected. It's 2020 for crying out loud. Can we just get one indian show where women don't need the froufrou to be a woman? Or make the male characters over the top caricatures or passive pushovers to make all the above look more normal? Besides, the script overall is just poor and uninteresting.<br/><br/>Also why does any show about the "modern woman" have to be a spin-off of Sex and the city and Bridesmaids? Nor is Veere di wedding the epitome of women's aspirations. You will start and end up in 2nd episode itself. Over hi fi , you can fined loop holes very easily.
Bani is pathetic, over acting. Don't know why someone makes such pathetic web series, none of them fits their characters, feminism taken way too wrong, you need to be way too drunk to watch this series, you will puke if you are sober. It really kills the whole perspective when you try to push a terribly false narrative. Not only that, you try paint a large (considerably large) section of society as hate monger. Seriously so disappointed by whole stunt. It will take some time to like it again :( Absolute garbage. First, i thought it will be about women empowerment and shows us the world through women's perspective. I mean we needed shows like that especially in India. But they let me down. I don't understand how some people gave this 5 stars. Yes the idea is good to show strong women as protagonist in a series and i love to see it but, the stupid director, story writer and whoever it was, has ruined the way the story goes. It felt like they wanted to destroy feminism and women empowerment with this show. The actresses and the actors are fantastic but the story, the way it goes is complete garbage, an un recyclable garbage. Giving young minds a negative impact Only NUDISM AND FEMINISM IS INVOLVED Please Stop these kind of stuff If you don't have some good ideas about the society to improve atleast please don"t spoil it Let's get what's good out of the way. The way story evolves is good. You need to wait 6 episodes or so to really understand the backstory and appreciate the characters more. Once you get to know them, they seem like a bunch of flawed women trying to get their life together and it is what the series is about.<br/><br/>Moving to reasons why I disliked the show
The characters are not relatable. The real world is very different from the one they show. The clothes, lifestyle jobs make the characters seem like they are not in Mumbai but maybe New York ?
They try to tell the message that if men are doing women can do it as well, when instead a lot of things they show men doing are rare and infact not something they should be doing in the first place. This is what I didn't like about the show the most. I also feel like this show does a lot of man hating.
They try to tackle too many sterotypes and social issues at the same time, and it feels very forced.
The script is also a big let down as the dialogues don't really make any impact.
The show tries really hard to ape the west with shows like desperate housewives, sex in the city.<br/><br/>Overall I felt like this series caters to a very small audience of well off working class women. Since the show only focusses on women's issue, it appears that men are the cause. It would have been better if they showed issues from both sides so that it's balances it out a little. While the acting is way better than the stuff we see in Bollywood, the plot lacked any real direction with clips and storylines right off the Sex and the City shelf.<br/><br/>I am all for empowerment and equality in every individual, but the over-emphasis on the lesbian relationship and plot was just irritating. Didn't get the whole comedy plot and sex scenes either. It seemed like the director needed something to fill time.<br/><br/>The Damini plot just went no where. It seemed promising but bombed.<br/><br/>Being a feminist flick, all the male roles delivered fantastic performances. Also, did anyone notice the guys were in better shape than the women? Season 1:was interesting but Se2 is ' kuch jyada ho gaya'. It's a waste of time with so many hiccups. Added few events to create a stir and ride the wave but fails miserable. Story and plot is so weak and so is screenplay.<br/><br/>Completely waste of time. Super cringey show. Trying too hard. The plot doesn't flow and the dialogues seem rehearsed. Season two was way worse than season one and I am surprised they could put together something so bad. It seems they haven't put much thought behind plot and character building - just nice clothes, glitz and a contemporary theme doesn't make a show work. On the contrary, made in heaven had a much flimsier theme on paper but it was brilliant and very intelligently made. Tv show makers need to stop assuming that their audience is dumb and looking for cheap action and gimmicks. I can not believe i watched a couple of episodes. What has happened to these people who just come up with such rubbish. No sense, no logic, no motivation... I suggest please do not watch Probably one of the worst shows I have watched so far. Every bit seems flawed. The ending for both the seasons has unnecessary negativity which really doesn't make one come back to the show. Every character at some point acts unreasonably which is not required. The makers of the show should realize that drinking away is not the solution to your problems - and this is not gender dependent.
A try to create reality by turning to trivial dramatic portions, no connect with the viewer whatsoever. Worst series I have ever watched in the lockdown days. Especially last episode was total damage to the season. This show is just like "kyunki sas bi kabi bahu thi" with modern clothes..with even more horrible mentality..its a very wrong depiction of feminism..showing only n only how to get in bed..n when to leave from one meaningless relationship to other..does anywhere writer want the viewers to feel normal? They gave that masculine girl a role to act innocently which is impossible to digest and damini who has a nice body but make up artist gave her looks of a chamgadar( bat- coz she has big ears which look even bigger when she ties her hair up n tight).I am regretting now after watching this..horrible show..not at all depicting reality. Seriously, I must say that this show was so disappointing that they even made the ending of the series so miserable. From watching both the seasons, I can surely conclude that it was always those four girls who messed up everything in the end for absolutely nothing ðŸ˜‚. The dialogues, screenplay and the whole plot which was so called revolving around the feminism was not worth satisfying. The only things which I think are good are the locations, wardrobes and the background songs specially composed for this show. The acting of side characters were so good such as Neel, Prabhal Punjabi, Sameer Kochhar, Shibani Dandekar etc but all of them were not properly used in this show. You can never imagine all four characters portrayed a wrong image of feminism. The only thing which was going in the right direction was the end but it was also made a messed one by making Bani realize that she cannot perform this wedding with Samara after she said "Yes" to an offer given by a Hollywood Director without informing her. Just because of this she felt underestimated and not so important which made her to chose this decision ðŸ˜‚. Go for this show if you want to watch some ladies just doing sex with random guys, drinking a lot of alcohol and almost not showing or facing any kind of struggles that a normal women faces everyday in her life. Kriti Kulhari's acting was also good and somehow showed a real problem that she faced in her office. Story is run behind 4 open minded women and their struggle with life each have their own story... Tried to show Mumbai culture but in my opinion doesn't fit at all.. mostly seem US culture tryed to fit in Mumbai<br/><br/>Sex scene are like here and there not shown gap in story (it's like they are always available) if you remove sex scene I think it could complete in 5 episodes<br/><br/>In total 10 episodes at the end it comes to the same point of their life... Only need to see what happen next The Characters can't even act properly. Only Sex, Alcohol & Abusive languages. Very incorrect of Using casual sex, drinks and freedom. its like director, writer tried to make a food with too much masala without knowing of cooking. Stupid waste of time.<br/><br/>Every episode is so difficult proceed on its script, dialogues were so predictable and don't know who suggested using so much gaalis will make show hit?!!<br/><br/>Overall just a waste of producers money and viewers time. I can't begin to the describe, how horrible the show was, I'll say this, there are bad shows, than there's 100 feet of crap and then there's four more shots please Just another garbage series ridiculing women by promoting fake feminism, drugs, alcohol abuse and unrealistic scenarios. Jokes are either ripped off English series or are mostly whatsapp forwards. Tried to sensationalize by using that stupid political narrative but it falls flat. Save your time, skip it. It's like four flop actresses desperately trying to survive in industry by doing soft core porn. For creators "drinks+sex= women empowerment" Crappy writing mars the series that has vacuous characters switching between victims and alcoholism at a brisk pace, and of course with moral insipidity. The character's switch between work life and alcoholism And vice versa ,is merely shown as an excuse to avoid Monotony of the one against another. Of course from the poster it's clear that the show will ride on feminism with four wrecked girls finding their way out in the world ruled by men, yet poor writing fails to bring that out, and then the real reason could be because alcholism is the problem here not gender issues. Watched it because my wife wanted to vicarious live a rebellious women's life, what she got was merely paper tigers and characters picked from trash. Down your shots, this was terrible. I never reviewed anything on IMDb but i lost my whole day because of this series. Due to lockdown i had to watch this series and I watched it because of Kirti khullari. CAST: All 3 leads are good except Baani. Her acting is pathetic. Maanvi Gagroo is a nice actor but the role was not suitable for her. PLOT: no plot whatsoever. It's just story of 4 girls met at a bar and became friends. Story about lot of unprotected se* and many failed relationship due to each other's advice. Nobody can screw their life the way it was shown in this series. Moral is don't be like any girl like they show in this series. I wish I could give this series a 0 star. Season 1 was ok but season 2 is a disaster. It felt so fake and vague no comedy no story no power to keep you engaged. Bani overacting, Manvi ok but in her stand up comedy, comedy was missing, Sayani was just slave to her political bias or ideology and the scene at the fest was just laughable and Kirti was the only shining light. 1 season was ok but this season is awful. Few issues were relevant. Depicted correctly. Specially the single mother part.
But overall it was just bad. Super Corny , super cheezy dialogues (literally written by an 18 year old) and highly generic situations. Super cringy at many places. Bad acting literally bad acting. I actually watched it coz of the amazing cast. Only manvi and prateik are good. Actually not their fault entirely, it is just a badly made series.
Worst was the goa episode. Four successful career women from out of town perch themselves within South Bombay's with their huge libido and ravenous appetite for sex. They paw-waw in their favorite Pub. Drinking on a tab and scheming ploys to meet men. Ethics and morality are flushed down the pot as the women step into their mastery.<br/><br/>Back in the ole days folks made it out in the back-seat of their boy friend's cars; necking it out by the sea rocks during low tide. They were forced to do this for want of privacy. Four more shots proves that things have gotten more explicit and public.<br/><br/>Webcast series have traversed far beyond the forensic control of the censors. So watch it while it lasts. It is an attempt at showing modern indian working women but marred with stupid script and a very pretentious idea of feminism. I gave one star only for the skeek look.. costume ..make up.
prime has the best international shows...even in india just did mirzapur...what amazing writing screenplay performance...direction.....wht wr thy thinkn whn thy okayed did this show fr prime??? Illogical story, poor performances, bad acting. In short, waste of time. I loved the show... Such a fun story of lives of 4 friends.. enjoyed watching it thoroughly... All through was smiling or laughing.<br/><br/>The only thing which shocked me was the number of people who are hating this show.. all I can say is that these folks need stop being judgemental .... Sit back
. Open their mind.. and relax... Enjoy the show...<br/><br/>With four more shots please The show is actually pretty gripping. The characters individually and as a whole has some dept to it. The storyline is not cliche which is a good thing. Acting wise, I'd say the show might loose some point but the plot, the characters are well researched. I've read other reviews which talk about certain "plot flaws" and what not but I believe that's not true, the plot as a whole is good, well executed and engaging and at the same time their attempt to attack the patriarchy is pretty strong. What I like is that it is executed in a very logical and reasonable manner. The show has highs, emotional engagement as you might like it because it's slightly more than what you expect from an Indian tv series 5.3 in IMDB? I am shocked with such low ratings, it was a interesting watch for me and I enjoyed. Grow up guys 😂 Truely entertaining show after a long wait, finally we have show dedicated to strong women.Loved everything about it, I am eagerly waiting for next season to come.
The way its projects a women's struggle, achievements, her compassion everything is incredible. Loved it all. I watch this in 2 days and I loved it a lot. The hidden reality and fact of Metro City and metro dreams of people but the climax is much realistic and emotional that really shake your soul. Nobody like the "END" because "END" is always bitter. Nice story and 1 star is less for unnecessary and overdose of Sex in such a realistic plot. If you are a girl and ever felt sad because of people judging you this series will pump up your energy to another level. It's a bold series trying to break some of the stereotypes in our "male" dominated society. It shows how much women can achieve and succeed if they have a strong mind and ignore all the crap that makes them feel a minority. Of course it contains strong language which can be considered non "lady-like" and that mindset is what needs to be changed.
If you are a man, chances are you won't like the show just because well, you haven't been there. If you do like and get the show, kudos to you, we need more men like you. Truth of society And overall good acting by the actors and allover done it best You rarely see this type of shows made in India where the plot revolves around women's desire, ambitions, sexuality, power and LGBT love.<br/><br/>It's a story about friendship between four modern Indian females and their roller coaster rides of life, work, relationship, self-respect, patriarchy, ambitions and desires. It's about a single divorcee mother on how she handles work and her 4 year old daughter, an ambitious startup female founder who has to fight with her own board members to showcase the truth she stands for, a lesbian girl coming out of the closet and how she tries to not fit in the society, a healthy girl who is emotionally abused by her own mother and criticized for her weight.
I am sure you will find flaws here and there in every character. But isn't that what makes realistic and relatable! And so leave those criticizers aside who are giving it bad reviews because may be they aren't able to digest it. Go for it, if you can relate it, you would love the show :) When I started watching this show I had no expectations but as the story unfolded I became a big fan of the entire cast. Loved the show, enjoyed it thoroughly with my wife. Looking at these 4 women characters i thought to myself, "What if all the women of our country were like them.....our country would be a paradise." - A little vulnerable, a little hypocritical but, a lot more confident and open about their feelings.. Standing up-to their stereotypical "Log kya kahenge?" families and tackling their problems head on. At times being shy/coy at times but, mostly being bold and witty.
Well done #DJBani a.k.a. #Gurbani, # KirtiKulhari #SayaniGupta , #MaanviGagroo for a wonderful display of bold-ideas in an orthodox country that doesn't wish to open its eyes to the problems that it is facing.
Great work by the Male star-cast as well, special shout out to #Prateik for a character well played.....
And, last but not the least a standing ovation to the writer, creator, dialogue writer and director of the series....who showcased this series to us....waiting for more of this kind of wonderful work.
Downgrading it by 2 stars,
Half for milind soman : He may look good, but, no acting skills(I know its not worth loosing a star over...but, he is now loosing the boyish-charm that he had once. Needs to shape up to his age)
And the one and a half star for a lil clichéd writing her and there, the best friends fighting (Why do girls havta be showed as self-centered even when they are BFFs for 3yrs) and also throughout the running episodes a few parts were very " Ab yeh hoga" (Now this will happen) type feeling...and they actually did.<br/><br/>None-The-Less, Will wait for the Second season or the second half of the 1st season.
Cheers Guys. I just loved everyone's work in it from scratch to end. The storyline, acting, everything is so good. First time in my life I have got something I can watch as many times I need. The songs motivate me so mucchhhhh.... Kudos for that. I literally have no more words to explain how much stress buster is this series to me ❤❤❤❤❤❤ team FMSP I don't know who are these people commenting so much of bad comments..For the first time in India a mature lesbian relationship is shown,Modern day concerns of women are shown,How Internet trolls can make life hell of people are shown.Beautifully written story and fabulous acting done by all the actors.In the end a beautiful and bold attempt by the team.Will be waiting for Season 2. It's their first season, so was great for first trial. It is mostly about educated, open-minded people, focusing on modern issues. The content is pretty cool but too raw which would probably take some time to be accepted by some parts of the public. If you do not expect profanity, this show isn't for you. Very sad version of sex and the city....no real storyline ....and I always thought bani to be beautiful but her oversized lips are making her look comical.... Wrong portrayal of feminism. Girls dont talk about vagina and their sex life all the time. Its total waste of time and shear wastage of good actors. This season is a complete show off They tried to make it glossy and it worked. Story was hit or miss with a very satisfying end. This series is beautifully played and portrayed. It definately highlights what we are running after, no matter how much we are busy at work or how ambitious we are. I really got upset by its rating on IMDB as it really is a good show and deserves more rating. The play can be easily misinterpreted by many who don't get the real essence behind it. The situations are build very diligently and the after emotions are something to be cherished. I enjoyed watching it to the fullest. One word for this series for me will be 'FANTASTIC'. It starts off as a wannabe Sex and the City, but eventually due to the great story line and fantastic performance by all the actors this becomes a fresh, entertaining web series. In fact it is quite liberating to watch a bunch of girls talk about taboo subjects without a care...I am sure I unknowingly raised my eyebrows many time while watching!! The show is fun, engaging and so real. It not only depicts the life of 4 very different women but also touches upon so many other issues.<br/><br/>Apart from a few flaws, overall a great show! Looking forward to the next season! Loved the actors. Loved that finally there's a liberating modern Indian series with women being themselves. Feminism is totally about owning every part of being a woman including gender roles, sex, sexuality and all the things that have made being an Indian woman taboo. The western world won't even get this at all - looking forward to the next series ! This show is an Indian version of Sex in the city (Hollywood drama), I love it as it brings in the Asian family drama that most of the Asians can relate to. Yet the modern life twists and issues young women face. It's based on the real world issues we face now, not the mythical perception where women are all oblivious to life and are just perfect housewives with no feelings.<br/><br/>It's funny, and I am sure many women in the western and eastern countries can relate to it at some point. Watched it while i was travelling. And i finished whole series in 24 hour. And it did kept me engaged. So it's fine for me. Some time it was streaching but most time it was nice. All different life of females and the way they are dealing and the pa8j they are going. Women is women's enemy is well potraid. I wasn't expecting to like this show as much as I ended up liking it. Yes, it is somewhat like Sex in the City, except to me, these women are much more relatable. I had fun watching this show and I sympathized with the characters and could relate to some of the story lines. The actors were good actors and I really liked all the feel good women power. I don't think it went overboard with the feminism, but you knew it was there and you want these women to pull through their situations. I want another season!!!! The plot is taken from the movie veere di wedding, The series is full of Comedy, Drama and erotic fantasies. I believe there was some room for story development but the series was entertaining enough portraying modern India with its all quirks and bits.
Music was great and the actors performed well. Though, I was expecting it to end on a happy note. The director and script writer surely surprised us.<br/><br/>I'll be waiting for season 2. Great show.. people who didn't liked it.. stay away.. if you can't see the truth.. cuz it's reality... worth it Thanks to all the casts , specially to the 4 main actresses , for such a wonderful entertainment and a unique kind of stuff to watch.
I'll be waiting for more. The show is surprisingly good and interesting. I loved it. Ending is just going to blow your mind. It's too good to be true. Just go for it watch it and thank later It was absolutely amazing! I totally understand that there are some parts of the series which was a little bit unrealistic and too unreal to believe, but let's accept it, it was a drama series and it's okay.
If you're a millennium, young and most importantly a woman, you would totally relate and enjoy.
I really hope that the second season comes but the ending left us all hanging on how sad it was. I really loved the relationship between Damini and Jah and it was absolutely amazing and seeing it end/turn like this I was totally upset but yeah! I really hope the second season comes soon. Worth a Watch, Don't know why people rated low.<br/><br/>Yes this has nudity but c'mon that's not all it's about 4 friends who share all lows and high of their life. I don't know if people are just hating the show for its story line or the intimate scenes. But in my personal opinion I would say the show makers have just put the reality of today's world in those 10 episodes. It shows how life turns out bad for people and we in reality only judge somebody for being bad without knowing the background, the real reason. I'm rating this show 10/10 not only because it shows the reality but also because there's a lot of thinking that why behind this show. (Spoilers coming) how could someone even come with that concept of Truck bar ðŸ˜‚ and then fuse up a light out of its logo and make it something else.<br/><br/>Overall the show lights up on the modern problems, but I think it would be better if the show comes up with a sequel where they would show modern solutions to these problems, and this time definately with a happy ending :)<br/><br/>Kudos to the team! Great work :) I love it a lot. I really feel it is a part of my life. I don't know why so low rating. Unbelievable. This show is just about what happening nowadays and all girls work hard, live hard. Lesbian marriage is not a secret any more. It's allowed in the US and it's a part of reality society! I think this show is really good !! Can't wait for the season 2!!!! I absolutely loved the series. Yes is an Indian version of SATC but who cares it's great to see it. All the negative comments are just proving what the writers are saying about double standards on society. Love the representation of Lesbian women, we need more.
Ps loved the soundtrack. Please please please hurry with series 2. CAUTION: If you cringe watching the condom / sanitary pad ads with your family, you will not be able to watch this with your family...watch it alone or with your partner. You will love it.
I accidentally stumbled upon this amazingly refreshing, bold, witty and unapologetic series.... The poor ratings in IMDB shows the hypocrisy of the Indian men...many of them would have jerked in private watching some of the sex scenes in the series but would end up giving a poor review with 1 or 2 stars, as they simply cannot tolerate Indian women to be the way these four friends have been portrayed in the Four more shots please ! I also thought probably these are the same trolls from the BHAKT industry who have taken the burden on them to keep India's image morally high when it comes to portrayal of women, even if it is one of the most unsafe place for women in the world. And with a little bit research, I found out that most negative ratings are by men, most of them created an account with IMDB in January 2019 only to give these negative reviews ..tell tale of trolls....<br/><br/>This series doesn't deserve India.... The excellent cinematography, music, the strong performances : both in bed (pun intended) as well as living out their characters. And not to mention the bold story line, portraying educated Indian women who don't care two hoots for the patriarchal norms of our society. Besides taking the sexist patriarchy head on, it has also touched important issues of human sexuality. Even though it could be inspired by series like sex and the city, the Indian audience needed to watch this.<br/><br/>What a breather from the same Saash-Bahu tele serials where the unrealistic women chopping vegetables in the kitchen with full make up and wearing Kanjivaram sarees bending with the weight of ornaments. These so called critics didn't bother to critic because, probably they didn't watch these or it simply fit their description of women in society.<br/><br/>Don't bother about the negative ratings, and simply watch it with an open mind. I am sure you will enjoy it.<br/><br/>And I gave it a 10 star... its just to give some encouragement to the series, given the trolls have given it such poor rating. It genuinely deserves around 7.5 stars.. And just finished the series, i must say it really engaging from theme music till the end. I really enjoyed and hoping second season. Still my mind think about anything other than kirti kulharis call to "Vagina" ðŸ˜‚ðŸ˜‚ Please don't go with reviews because everyone has its on way of seeing thing's different.
Everyone in this series is really good and they did justice to it.
We always find a perfect good story with perfect end but life was not about the same so open your mind and just go with flow.
I think its worth watching and force you to think.
Go watch it. It's amazing how most of the men who rated it a 2 star or a 3, also managed to watch the entire season. Indian audience might take some time to gulp this down, especially 'men with a Huge ego' rest the show is fun. Seems like men don't like watching women kicking asses...IMDb rating proves it. Guys if u don't like the show you can say that whatever but kindly do not play throw feminist card. The series will remind you of your closest bunch of friends and you would feel like seeing them that instant.
All the actors have done a great job and the series is a great relaxing watch...like chilling out in Goa ! Gave it 10 to improve the ratings, but its still a 7 on 10. Usually I agree with the average ratings for anything I watch but THIS SHOW DESERVES A HIGHER RATING!<br/><br/>Created an account just to help bump the rating! my actual rating would be 7.5/10 stars with an extra 0.5 starts to 8/10 for amazing acting by each of the girls plus Pratiek and Ankur! Forty shots are needed to forget this.
Avoid at any cost. Divorce, new relationship, weight, sexuality, casual flings, GOA, non existing men, broken personal self but no sign of it in fashion/fun/hangout/getting laid. It's not about you shouldn't be happy when you are going through trauma. But if you are still enjoying the best of everything and even more, then it begins to look unrealistic. Somehow the series begins with very cliche storyline and representation of urban women. But if you accept that world as real and then watch then the plot develops well from mid to end of the series. Though in reality its so far from it. But the season end is good and leaves you on a high and hope for the next one as it really doesn't end all hunky dory unlike other women based online series. The story is not women empowerment or feminism which I earlier thought about it by seeing it's trailer. It is basically about the four ladies which are having different type of problems in their life. They meet the the same place called "Truck bar" and booze together. There are lot of sex scenes put in the story some of which are only to titillate.
My advice is, watch "Sony" on Netflix which is incredibly feminist movie and that will consume your less time. Please dont waste time if looking for something good. I liked it, problem is most of the indian audience is not ready for it, hence some of the 1 star reviews here - they dont even get what a scale of 10 is hence the 1s She's trying way to hard and it looks stupidly bad. Desperate attempt to imitate the western culture. They are trying really hard to come across as contemporary but failed miserably. All the characters are losers who keep failing and still act cool. Maybe try to be original next time. Awesome series.. its not that only man think about good women also do, but indian society wont accept the thought about it. it shows the actual portrayal of how women manage personal and professional life with all the critics they have to face in home, work place or anywhere, take out the part from it and see what the series is trying to convey. Great acting! Fun! The other comments were overly critical. We cannot wait for a season 2. This show is trying hard. It's pushing at every taboo/boundary. Some scenes appear to be controversial or contrived for the sake of being so, as is the language.<br/><br/>Clearly there is inspiration from sex and the city.<br/><br/>However the scores of 1/10 seem a tad unfair. The acting and story are not bad and I think a score of 5/10 seems fair Season 2 is made for the sake of making it.
Pathetic to watch the stand up talks... they call it comedy.<br/><br/>Season 1 was way better! Could not see beyond ep 1. Most women certainly aren't obsessed with sex drinking drugs et al as depicted on this show. Made by Pritish Nandy Productions who don't have a great track record of making memorable films. In one word.......AVOID!!!!!! Just for the sake of boldness they have made this crap. Creativity wise, Feminism wise, SoBo culture wise its so shallow. Its product of Culturally Alienated Indian acting American after small visit to NYC. Life problems of such group of people should be handled by Shrink specializing in Tinder Date Relationships. Very very disappointing show. This could have been way better. Its a poorly written and below average acting. The actors are not up to the mark and mostly flat emotions. Its pathetic... This web-series is completely trash. No storyline, no goals, No acting and no brain in all the four girls. This web series on Prime Video feels like everything is there just for the sake of it - you know like a token display just for the sake of being there and that's it, no real substance beneath all that flashiness. At moments it does seem to build up to something worthwhile but quickly plateaus or blatantly comes crashing down with cringe worthiness and cliches. The acting of female orgasms, passionate make out sessions at the drop of a hat, general conversational tackiness, the fake accents, permanent designer wardrobes etc are some of the more exasperating gimmicks here. Overall a mediocre web entertainer. Cheap ripoff of sex and the city. Take a successful Hollywood show add some unnecessary sex scenes, poor social media jokes , anti govt propaganda (straight from Rana ayyubs fiction in this show) and phew, new hindi web series is ready. Poor acting by all except kirti , who has done justice to her roll and also her story line is the only saving grace in this show . Cringeworthy acting by Bani and Lisa ray. Prateek could have given this show a pass. Surprised to see they managed to make season 2. Wanted to give 1 star added 4 for kirti. We need more shows like this one, not fewer. So perhaps my rating is higher than it should be. The show is entertaining and engaging and speaks about social issues. I have no doubt that the majority of the negative reviews are from those who would like Indian patriarchy to never die! The characters have depth, and showcase the modern Indian woman in many avatars - their professional, personal and life challenges and how they deal with them. It also showcases their sexuality in its many forms. No doubt the haters have a real issue with this. I mean, who says an Indian woman should have multiple sexual partners and actually look for enjoyment in sex??!<br/><br/>All in all, this is a worthy effort, and a worthwhile watch. I am almost done with all the episodes in this first season and look forward to more. I hope the producers are not put off by the negative reviews coming from people who don't want to leave the Sati Savitri personas of the past behind. If you are one of them, give it a pass. But don't deprive the rest of us from solid entertainment. Concept of the story is good but it can't implement it .
The question is how is this web series ?
And answer is watch if you are crazy about web series. Bright candy floss attires, loads of booze, heaving bosoms, sex on the beach, salt and pepper hunks. Every kind of packaging to lure you into buying that shiny thing. So shiny, that post the first episode, your alarms start blaring and your senses plead with you to quit watching.
However, like me, if you are an insomniac and you have nothing better to do, my advice would be, power through.
After episode after episode of muddled storyline and over the top gyngoism about girlpower, patriarchy in society and sexism, you almost feel that this ode to feminism is pretentious to say the least. Just when you are about to dismiss this as rubbish, few themes emerge. You really have to look long and hard to find it, but stare long enough and a shape does appear.
What I loved is the message if you want to read it goes beyond feminism. It's about breaking barriers, non adherence to stereotypes, finding and being comfortable with your self and beating the shadows in your head. It's about comradrie and love.
The story comes together only post the sixth or seventh episode. But boy does it come together. It also provides enough twists to keep you interested till the end just like any good series, in the end it gives you more questions than answers so that you demand the next season.
Not much to say on the technical departments as do not think the cinematographer has much to do. Very little creativity in visualising or storytelling through frames or shots. Direction is average. What carries this bundle of dichotomies through is robust acting from all four key characters, the divorced mom with her unquenched sexual thirst, the clueless virgin, the genius journalist and the confident fitness freak fighting the battle of holding their heads high without compromising on their opinions, outlook, preferences and integrity.
However, special credit has to go to Vani for her portrayal of the lesbian fitness trainer from Ludhiana who pursues her fantasy lover while being honest to her roots. Also, Sayani Gupta deserves praise for her portrayal of the OCD genius journo who refuses to sell out. Of course, special mention has to be made of Simone Singh as the pretentious, Gujju mother who just wants to get her daughter married.
Amongst the men, Milind Suman is like old wine in a short role. Neil Bhupalam is competent as usual and Prateik is at his understated best.<br/><br/>I was really apprehensive that all the hugging and puffing would lead to an all's well that ends well ending. However, was pleasantly surprised with the over dramatic, eventful ending which made a decent fist of leaving the audience wanting more.<br/><br/>Watch it, if you have patience and you are serious about your views on equality. It can't get more sperficial than this. From cast to story line to dialogues. Complete waste of ur time and data. Don't want to be a spoiler but not 1 person shown with a normal life and being considerate about another person !! How is that possible ? Do we live such lives or these shows try to imbibe something in us which we are not ?? Do not waste your time and bandwidth. In the name of women equality and feminism thry have shown a complete waste and garbage. The writer or the director seemingly getting the whole idea of feminism only including sex , shouting out loud vagina in different linguals -oh god that was so sick. You could have come up with some good story while you had the good actors cast line concerning the current awesome content we receiving from elsewhere. Its such a pretentious show. There is no story line and horrible and fake acting by all the stars. A very cheap rip off of the sex and the city. All the actors try to act very cool instead of acting well. I would recommend everyone to not watch it and save your precious time. Seriously all those who voted down, you really don't follow Web-series much on different platforms i guess. It is really hard to come across decent Web-Series like this.<br/><br/>Some of the part are over exaturated but still they have given other angle to help you understand why that was over exaturated. If you see this Series just with narrow mind set. At-least don't vote down, and if you do Vote down, give a proper freaking reason.<br/><br/>Being Critic is really good, but down voting with 1/2/3 rating with no freaking valid reason is just ridiculous.<br/><br/>I must say, it is really a brave move, content wise and you made it Fun, script wise. Love that mixture.<br/><br/>As for those who are checking reviews before watching this. If you are looking for fresh content do watch this series. Besides the exquisite makeup & delectable wardrobe - this show is raw, unapologetically honest & addresses all the issues that are deemed taboo in Indian culture all around the world! Absolutely love it! Brilliantly written! The entire series is a big piece of t*rd. Children are dying in India and Africa and somehow these companies still have courage to waste money on this bullcr_p of cringe. Watched this show during national lockdown.<br/><br/>Very Bad.<br/><br/>Now I know what Monisha felt to be part of Sarabhai family. The overweight girl with social pressures, single mom with gaslighting husband, overachiever independent woman ditched by colleagues.
This is truth of today's woman. They learn to accept fate and try to live life on own terms to only land in bigger trouble.
How complicated are these subjects 80 percent women fail to realize this is how they are being treated in actuality All 4 actress were so stunning, story line drama comedy everything just awesome Yes...again, No more shots please...probably a desi downgraded version of sex in the city...the girls leave nothing to imagination! I am amazed the crap that has started to come out from the web series...and PritishNandy i guess directed or produced this, Wow! what were they thinking...These people want to copy the west blindly, when the west is going blind with what they have created themselves!! Anyways some times a hint of decent acting by the plum girl and the single mom, though both the plum and the single mom have very fake and cliched issues at hand and equally childish solutions...Go do some Yoga ladies! I watched all the episodes all together.. & must say it's a gud attempt.. Nd engaging.. Why 5.1 rating i dnt understand.. But anyway Evry1 hav there own taste.. Go 4 it guys.. Season 2 on it's way 2 days left.. ðŸ˜Š Today I binge watched "Four more shots please" starting as a simple story of four very different girls having a wonderful party life fight for feminism, soon due to unfortunate circumstances each start to face the harsh world in front of them. A struggle between being themselves and keeping a good face for the society, tears their soul into two. It lets us step into their shoes and gives us a reason to stop judging one and other. Anyone who faced any sort of a social evil can relate to the pain felt by them. It will leave you with only one question,<br/><br/>"Why didn't I know about this?"<br/><br/>Hats off to Gurbani, Sayani, Kriti and Maanvi, script writers and directors for giving us something honest! Thank you! This is what bollywood needs to focus on! This modern show with its content is needed today. The people who are rating it very low are extreme people who actually need such series because they cant bear to see women living out of the oppression. The show doesn't live up to their thinking of how women should live, and the low ratings are mostly given by the men.
 Too bad for them that the show is showing the women's strength.
Overall I feel that some parts were a bit flat. With that I mean that I didn't find it necessary that if something happened to one of the four something had to happen to all of the four in the same episode, I feel they could have split up the happenings around. If u liked Veeray di wedding then u will love this First of all the to Amazon Prime for pulling out such an story and bringing it to the right audience. Every single person watching this can involve in the story line and enjoy the four main characters life. I personally loved every bit of it and will wait for season 2. I opened an IMDB account just to write this review, my response to the other 1/10 reviews and give 10/10 stars! I do not understand why people are hating on the show especially men. Complaining "the show is just about sex, this is not Indian culture, India is not like this" etc etc. This is a fun fiction, strong women empowerment TV show about a beautiful friendship of 4 modern indian women and it NOT BASED ON A TRUE STORY type of show that people keep saying Indian women are not like this or Mumbai is not like this.Are you telling me all Indian men fight and fly like Salman Khan? This is a new generation series. Don't watch it if you don't like it or just especially if its not your cup of tea. Yes, there are multiple sex scenes, however, with 0 nudity and the most bare skin you will see is their back.<br/><br/>I love how they balance and tell each characters story perfectly even their past! 4 strong ladies each with different career path and interest. I also LOVEEEE their fashion. Love their friendship also. Can't wait for SEASON 3! Considering many of the reviews on here are negative I decided to watch it anyway. Yes the acting and storyline at some points is awkward but overall it's a good show and this improves in season 2. Yes it's similar to sex in the city but based in India. I don't know if this is a true portrayal of living your life in Mumbai and being a woman but that's not what I was looking for; although the location was a great choice it could've been shot elsewhere too. We watch many western series/movies but we don't try and live our lives like them but we enjoy watching the shows. So why is it so different now? .. because Indians are the actors and there's lots of "oh you better close your eyes moments". We aren't 5 (and if you are then you shouldn't be watching it). Good on them for exploring many of the themes which may have shocked many people. My sentiments have been badly hurt. It has become a fashion to insult hindu sentiments through every web series these days. Its very easy to insult us. No legal action too Although in the beginning it feels like their lifestyles are unrelatable, we slowly seep into their daily problems and intimate life as if it's one of our own. I liked the way many taboo topics are introduced straight up without any filters. Looking forwards to watching all of the seasons. Great work guys, good to see such content coming up in India. Damn i love this. Finally women's feelings & ideas have talked openly. I see lots people blaming this we live in a patriarchy society who hate this show and love Gandi Baats.. Its seriously very different story where full of miracles and surprises and most importantly realistic in the life of relationships and all i seriously loved all the episodes and finally it is very good that all 4 were standing for everyone
i loved it ... seriously
coming to acting they all lived in it i love there acing everyone of you nailed it
great writer and direction and all crazy very good teamwork and all everyone for this 4 more shots great job guys ... seriously love this How to get yourself confused about the real idea of life that is what shown in every episode. Please avoid it. To much self centered charectors. The show is too in the nose. It's lacks nuances and doesn't even give the audience a chance to comprehend a joke before someone jumps in an explains it. The acting was sub-par at best and the story lines lacked depth. The show touched upon numerous issues yet failed to fully explore them and give them justice they deserve. From the mental health aspects to abortion and even polyamory, 4 more shots, please was unfair in with the attention given to incredibly relevant topics in today's times. Moreover the dialogues were cheesy and badly written as were some of the jokes put out by the only character, I think had a decent arc, Siddhi. I love ðŸ’• this show. It is a fun escape featuring four fearless women. I love the glimpse into modern Indian lifestyle. The women are well casted and it is a lighthearted good time. Huge expectations from the theme which failed miserably as the story goes on and huge fallout with the 2nd season. Hop it had a basic story and not revolved around only casual sex at every 5 minutes.
No I am not at all against feminism and started with a lots of expectation specially as its from the prime video but all in vain. Every character is in confusion throughout the 2nd season including the lead untill in the final scene where al last Umang showed some courage. Psudo-feminism at its best . Even 1star is more than it actually deserves. I really liked the show to be honest. I find it hilarious, witty, interesting, and exciting to watch. Yes a few episodes just like any other show are bit slow, but overall it did keep me attached to my seat. I live abroad and regularly watch other English shows, so if you watch this show from an ideal Indian Values type (regular Indian soaps- saas bahu type standards), you would/could find the show very advanced but I didn't mind at all its 2020 (who cares), these girls are from Mumbai and are modern, and truly stick to their characters. I loved them. I don't really have a problem with the show. I have a problem with them imitating situations from the likelihoods of SATC, suits, how i met your mother and friends. Sure, New York and Mumbai have a lot of similarities but that does not make mumbai newyork or vice versa. I also have no issues with them changing their outfit million times a shot, they are gorgeous but they aren't realistic. If you rush through Istanbul to save a friend who is dying you don't have time to curl your hair, get into amazing touristy outfits. Or even waste time folding clothes ffs. There are a lot of plot twists happening at the very same time and no regard has been given to life changing events like weddings or miscarriage. And it was so stupid to call Jay when Warsi was already at the wedding. That was uncalled for. Anjana resigns from her job because she was facing gender discrimination, instead of suing her boss and firm for harassment or even taking a minute to handle it professionally and complain to the HR. I mean that's not how easy it is in real life to let go of a job where you gave 10 years to. An actor has to justify the character's ability to cope and act according to their situation and what the character's personality brings out. I feel there is so much of how sayani gupta is herself in her character that I am not able to seperate the two. Rizvi Roy's entire storyline feels like a long Twitter thread. The opinions are biased and very one-sided. None of the characters listen's to one another and promises of tough friendship and end up doing what the other person doesn't want you to do anyway. You don't have to make every character desirable it feels too forced. Especially Varun having feelings for Anjana felt too forced and scripted. I am not going to compare this show to anything but this show needs to stop borrowing scenes from SATC. After every episode Rizvi reminded me so much of Carrie Bradshaw. But carrie wasn't perfect and more importantly she wasn't right all the time. Also satc came out in 1994 and it still doesn't depict the true new york but the screw ups seem legit. In FMSP the screw ups seem like unnecessary inserts. And lastly I don't even know what to say about the sex scenes they have been glorified so much and they do that in entertainment business but some of it is just too focused how hot the character looks from a certain angle to show off their amazing lingerie. Very inorganic! This show is just mere waste unwanted crap
No story or no script just modern screen play<br/><br/>However i would love to mention Sayani Gupta, she outperformed all other actors, loved her performance.<br/><br/>Hope to see her with a better team The title says it all. Bad storytelling as well as bad characters. Storyline was predictable, not so funny as much as the characters were laughing on it. Extra dose of feminism at every possible dialogue. Some good acting by couple of female leads, though. This is the show which can make you think about Men and Women by same level. Four independent women, one divorced lawyer, one editor confused about her sexuality, another is inferior about her weight and pressure of marriage from her mother and last one is lesbian gym trainee. They all victims of male and female superiority. Good direction. Acting of four leading actress is better. Pratik Babbar acting is another part of this series he acted good against all above four..so watch once without any pre mind of feminism. This series left me with a head ache! Absolutely senseless! Director and producers have no clue how to make a serial. This show is based solely on nudity and profanity. There is no story line and theme. Unfortunately, 4 girls in the show are good actresses but their talent is wasted totally in the absence of story and made to show their body with use of avoidable language. After watching first episode, I felt something was there, but as I gone through.....Except glmour, there is nothing more. I dont know why it is rated low.. i just loved it! Show Is Fun Happening And Good To Watch but last Episode Make It Look Bad
Last Episode Was Unecessary And Very Disturbing
Seprating A Child From Her Mother In A Good Show Like This Great show, enjoyed both of the seasons so far, great concept and wonderful performances by the lead actors This is a beautiful series , depicting four strong independent women's , struggling best to suit men's world . Describes how women dispite of being so independent ,yet people tends to degrade there value by simply judging them .<br/><br/>The actors played there role with immense acceptations and courage . The four women shows that how each and every women have to overcome there fear in order to take stand and pride for themselves.<br/><br/>It's a must watch series ,which tends to every strong ,weak women in world . This is a really good series....all negative reviews posted here are from government party workers only coz of episode 7 of this series..... speaking truth will always face criticism I think the bad reviews are written by narrow minded men from India and around. Trust me, I live in Europe and this serie works! Entertaining and fun to watch. Strong female characters really scare people, don't they? Men do the exact same things that the women in this show do and I bet the same misogynists who complain about this show praise them. Sexist BS is normal and acceptable on TV but women living their lives the way they want to isn't? Pfft.<br/><br/>When I started watching this show, I didn't expect it to be so good. I absolutely loved it. I don't rate a lot of things 10 stars but Four More Shots Please deserves it. I loved seeing such great representation in an Indian show. This progressiveness is what the country so badly needs. The LGBTQ representation is so important, as is the feminism. Not relatable? On the contrary! I can completely relate to this show and I'm a 100% sure that other people can too. It's a nice light watch that is fun and also shines light on important issues that are considered taboo.<br/><br/>To the people who have a problem with what this show portrays- Just because you live your life a certain way does not mean you are in the right and other people are in the wrong. Let people live the way they want to. You don't get to dictate how people live their lives.<br/><br/>TLDR; Empowering women and queer people is SO important and that is exactly what Four More Shots Please does. Amazing show show & storyline. Don't listen to the negative reviews go ahead and watch it. It covers the problems that we males can't relate to.<br/><br/>Girl power! So many negative reviews, from so many misogynist viewers. Oh i meant, misogynist boys (not men)
I dont think an open minded person would take this to heart, because it is just like any other drama/comedy, but with women. Drinking, travelling, girl gang, shots, let them come!<br/><br/>Ps. All the actresses are amazing, beautiful and strong. Simply these 4 chose to feed their lust instead of looking for love. And they are being glorified as if they are empowering themselves. This show is pure garbage, wish i could give negative star rating This show does not any logic or good script this movie only have feminism totally rubbish The story was a good one, With plot featuring faulty realistic main characters. And an important address to the male patriarchy. The show isn't driven by a feminist plot, but some and not all characters have a strong feministic personality, It is a really entertaining story if you don't get triggered for your own reasons. Don't understand what they were trying to do at all
Kinda felt like watching some adult video Just a waste of time, nothing to take, base story is nice, they have a struggle in there life, they always find a way out, but all focus is on sex, alcohol and repeat. Dump jokes makes even worst to watch. it just they tried to convince that love is a joke, whatever happens whether positive or negative incident we have to consume alcohol, the story takes you to another level where you feel that everything in this series is dump and we are wasting our valuable time. This show had everything going for it. Good actors,story, beautiful locations.. The only and only issue was it was trying too hard to look modern but just ended up looking very cringy with its sex scenes and forceful use of cuss words.. And like most reviewers pointed out it does look heavily influenced by American culture especially with the bar scenes in "Mumbai"!! Watched the two seasons within 3 days, loved the acting and the characters stories. Four women trying to make life work each with a unique perspective. Well worth watching ! Don't believe negative words, it's simply amazing, do watch it guys, every second of it was spellbinding. One word session 2 is waste of Money.Session one is entertaning but second series no content,randomly present ,fully unsocial.every thing to start and end only sex.Lots of money waste producer.i told the director,if don't have a good content ,plz next time don't be work this type of content. But,the character are so good and their acting skill is remarkable. I just love with this series.. love friends,hope.. and end at all friends are those who help u to any of situations.. so i wish to four more shots 3. .... Hurry.. ðŸ˜ŠðŸ˜Š Well there is nothing new about this show. It's about 4 friends and the journey through various phases of their lives. It shows the emotions that one would easily relate to as we have all gone though something similar in our life. The characters are lovely specially Dee. Complete entertainer!!! Yes! There are many bad reviews! But since I have watched the first season I was eagerly waiting for consecutive season.
Season 2 is fantastic. It made me laugh, sad and feel the girls.
All the actress have done a great job! By the second episode I was hooked. Although I did have to watch this with subtitles due to their accents! It was an interesting exploration into modern Indian culture and feminism. Now I want to check out Mumbai and Goa! As an American Desi, I really loved this show. Maybe that's the market it's meant for. Please watch this show. It really deserves a shot (no pun intended). I really need them to make more seasons of this show! It really does deal with a lot of realities modern, young, sexually liberated women face. Not into much series but this one got me hooked on the 1st episode
Thanks you Satish for suggesting this one :) Watched all the episodes in just two days. Waiting for the next season. People who have written negative about this should literally calm down. There's nothing wrong in portraying such things. It happens all over the world. I absolutely loved, loved this show...it's relatable!! 💕 Well, for those who have considered this series to be a focusing on feminism, I believe that's not what was intended. It is about 4 friends who are dealing with their problems also happen to be women and so the intensity of problem is comparatively higher. I personally fell in love with the last episode, it was fantastic.<br/><br/>This prime original is definitely not to be missed if you are looking for some light entertainment and is definitely binge watch worthy. I am saying it was good attempt, because the concept and the story of each girl is great but it didn't quite pull of in one or two episodes. First 5-6 episodes are great and last 2 are also nice. I don't know why they wasted episodes in between, I think they wanted to show girls rediscovering themsel The story and writing is great. Performances from all the girls and Prateik Babbar is great. The way they tried to show perspective of each girl and their work is great, the attempt was great. Not perfect, but still it's one start in the right direction. Last episodes is great. You won't get bored. This kind of story is often criticised but this is a fact. As an American-born but very Indian female, I gotta say this show was great! Really good character development, amazing acting by all, hilarious dialogues and story, and such great cinematography. There weren't a moment where I was bored, in fact, I just wanted to keep watching! Please disregard all the negative views. Really don't understand why people didn't like it. Perhaps the viewers couldn't handle the liberal views in the show. Definitely recommend it to all! Perhaps the male audience can't relate to it or enjoy it as much but definitely great for females who are not conservative in their views. Can't wait for s2! I would love another round of four more shots please! Great show i ever seen Please make 2nd part. I loved Please Please Please Waiting for the 2nd season...such stories are good to see a good time pass.... Superb acting, great script & direction. Do not miss this series I finished watching this show on the night of women's day. I have to say this, I felt so good, so strong about being a woman. Of course, some scenes are extremes, like screaming out vagina synonyms into the Arabian Sea. Don't know of many girls who do that, but I get it. Certain degree of dramatization is commonplace. I love the focus on LGBTQ+ community, and the friendships, and the rawness of emotions displayed in many scenes and how relatable it is.
It's not without its flaws but it's certainly a step in the right direction. Great work you guys. Also great background music!
Can't wait for the next season! This show reveals many social issues, it is the best India show i've ever seen. It's not fair the rating is so low. Liked it so much, a learner must watch this. None of the film or series had toght 'about what a woman want', this is the 1st. Totally bowled over by this show. Shows it how it is amazing work by the director and mind blowing performance by all the actors. Prateik is the surprise package that true to his mom's genes is a natural. You go bro I loved ur effortless acting. And all the others 4 divas yes y are all divas. I did my research and was a bit disappointed that ur talent was really showcased so much later in life. But it's never too late. You girls rocked. We need more shows like this which let us portray our lives our feelings desires ambitions just how they are. Please don't give a fuck about any of the low ratings that is exactly the Indian shitty mentality I hope these shows change. Kudos to urteam ...I wish this show changes the statement " if u have the balls ....to if u have the vagigi go do it. 😉😁🤣😂. Ok on a serious note a big shastang pranam of appreciation. Only the journalist award scene of when she disown the award could have been shot better I mean made more meaningful. Love u gals. Unbearable dialogues, unbearable acting, worst worst and worst way of story telling about girls and women problems. Forget feminism, they didn't even apply certain level of common sense here. Looks like writer has gone completely wrong in his/her understanding of feminism here. Please don't make such a joke just to show fake feminism. This show is exactly what is wrong with the idea of feminism in today's world!! How do you fight women inequality? By encouraging women to portray the same chauvinism in the female version! I am all for equality and women empowerment, in fact I'm a strong proponent of it but the only message shows like this give is that a woman will be empowered by competing with men at drinking and treating the opposite gender merely as a sex toy! Being a young woman myself at an executive position in the corporate world, I can truly say that binge drinking and promiscuity of one-night stands is NOT what is going to empower women! Empowerment comes from self confidence that does not depend on proving someone else as inferior. India needs to realize that its wealth lies more in deepening its roots than embracing the western globalization. Great performance! Appreciate the star cast, story!! Let's be real, it's a mans world and I expect this show to get crap reviews because of it. I would say women are allowed to do whatever they wish, just like men and if you watch this show using those set of glasses you will enjoy this. I don't agree that women or men should be doing or partaking in all that has been showed here so I'd say there should be an age limit and that's definitely not 18, more like 25 because I think it may influence some people in the wrong way and that's just my opinion. Just watch the show just to kill some time (only if you got to pass otherwise it just sucks don't really worth any time). I liked the series. Season 2 is more seasoned than 1 :). It's interesting to see how the lives of these 4 women unfold. And how they stick together with each other helping and supporting in overcoming heartbreaks and rejoicing in the success. Woman need friends like this who understands without judging and loves without conditions. I enjoyed the series. Series 1:
Nicely displaying the personal/marital/sexual lives of today's youngsters in northern parts of India.
Feminism based movies are getting a lot of attention today and that's why series like these are in the spotlight. India's culture is changing and this series is registered to prove the same.<br/><br/>Series 2:
The characters in this series feels more connected to the ones who've watched the 1st one.
It didn't deliver to the expectations or I should say the characters' flaws were all exposed in the 1st part of the series itself and there's nothing more to show off so strongly about the characters but just about how they evolve in their lives, which kinda felt usual/mundane, there were no great surprises, twists & turns in the relationships and there were no big character definitions even after introducing some new ones in this series.
I hardly think that I'd watch the 3rd installation w/o reading/watching a review on the same.
There just needs to be something more exciting, thrilling to sit and watch, spending almost a whole working day. Good work by the team. Love how Indian tv shows are graduating from saas-bahu sagas. Appreciate how the show represents modern India and it's changing thinking.
One thing I'm certain is that it's not everyone's piece of cake, I assume that it will not be appreciated by those who are still dwelling in yesteryears. It's a show about ultra modern thinking, about women being footloose and fancy free! Love how the characters have different personalities. My only concern would be the timeline.. I reckon, all the characters go through the wave of ups & downs in life at the same time. Would have made it closer to reality if each character had their ups & downs not in parallel with other characters.
Good job on the screen play. Each and everyone did a great job in my opinion!
Yes it resembles 'Sex and the City' little bit, but I don't mind the resemblance. In fact, love that it's been made in the backdrop of Mumbai, being the ultra chic city that it is.
Overall impressed by the show & the quality of Tv shows that india has finally started producing. Definitely a show for 'Modern India' :) There is no storyline and cliche characters depicting womanhood. The "modern" Indian that is represented by 2% of the indian population. Modernism is not feminism. The cute clothes, hair, makeup trying to makeup for the lack or substance. Failed attempt. 1 may b my IQ is high
2- I am middle class man.. So thats how rich Girl behav U rock team 4 more shots , and those who can't see that ( almost everyone) need to grow up, be more mature and r blissfully unaware of the emotional roller-coaster that love n life can be!!! I enjoyed it very much.<br/><br/>FULL OF LIFE!<br/><br/>I want them to make 3rd season. The story line is a bit exaggerated is what I think. They had a bunch of good actors. But I think justice was not done. It could have been better . I just kept saying "one more episode please!"
This show is like slap on male chauvinism and neo-patriarchy. No wonder it received so many negative reviews. Just try once amd enjoy the humor in it! I love this show a perfect package of relationships.. This show is very interesting and you can't wait till the last episode....I watched it's season 1 and was eagerly waiting for the second season....well even after 133 crore population in our country,sex is still a taboo dats y so many negative comments....this show is not about feminism,it's just story of 4 girls....y every show Featuring females as lead needs to do anything with feminism? I don't understand..... After seeing season one had similar expectations if not more frm the sequel.. begins on a great note but in between feel as if everyone is in a hurry to jus wrap it up.. they dont react d basic way.. terrible way to end too It is a completely women oriented series and may not fit the regular fun seekers...<br/><br/>NOT a great but definitely a time pass fun watch.... A Must Watch, Story of Staying Relevant.<br/><br/>A Great Virtual Tour to Three Different Cities, Istanbul, Mumbai and Royal Palace of Udaipur City.<br/><br/>Fresh Season is the extension of the Same mistakes of life of Girl Gang of Four, "Dee", "Mang"," Anj" and "Sidhi" Quite surprising to see such low critic ratings here with so many giving 1/10.. I quite liked the show... The reason why it may not have appealed to a lot of audience is because of it's bold content dealing with extra martial, pre marital, LGBT and other controversial stuff not something quite prevalent/expected/discussed in the Indian society. However if one were to look at such subjects with an open mind without judging them and accepting them as it is then maybe they would have enjoyed the show more. Look forward to season 3.. !! The season 1 is somehow tolerable. They are only showing the lifestyle of modern and high class society who never ever think of sleeping with someone known or unknown. Worst impact and the story seems to be completely fictional without any touch of the reality. Unnecessary drama and the acting of Umang is worst. She is completely a drama queen. Season 2 is made for no reason. There is no story line , nothing. Bakwas and boring. While I had really enjoyed the first season, S2 seemed like a crash course in making things right and relationships fixed. That's what it seemed like. But the core principle upon which the show works is all human beings are flawed, especially these 4 party girls. This idea could very well work abroad, but could be seen with a raised eyebrow when the context is spelled out in India. The acting is commendable but the plot is messed up. It takes the viewer through a series of highs and lows and to me, didn't ever bang the nail. Scenic locations, complicated relationships and of course, feminism glorified are somethings which you can expect in this new season. It's really good to see such a dramatic series n u'll surely feel joy... Watch it with an open mind not expecting it to teach you anything, it's seriously a breath of fresh air, it's just four girls living their lives, who have their issues personally, professionally, and them supporting each other, it's about sisterhood saying what is right yet sticking by their side. I have no idea why people are being so mean on this show. What were you expecting? I just finished the two seasons and I loved it. Yes, of course is not the best show of the decade but is enjoyable. The main actors are good. The story is entertaining. Has a bit of everything... romance, drama, feminism, comedy. I agree that this show doesnt deserve a 8 pointer so giving 7 stars but frankly it definitely deserves atleast 6 stars and that too not just for glamour. It was utterly shocking to see people with negative comments, but then again I got it, typical Indian mentality. It's not like your typical Indian drama. If you are narrow minded Indian please don't watch it, otherwise you gonna love it. Watch their story & learn new things, judge less , love more! Strong message & loved them! I know a lot of the reviews on here are less than savory, but after watching this show with my girlfriends, I really felt it was a fun time. Sure the acting could be better but you're not watching this for some top notch acting, you're watching it to forget for a bit. Boys shud not watch .. may be they feel very insecure ... coz in this show .. the story is revolove around these four gals... and their frndship .....so if you dont have any problem with the GIRLS... go watch it... totally recommended.... The first season was extremely good at the end it was a breakdown for all the girls but they repeated it in the second season also.Just because you guys want to make a third season you must not make the climax as same as before.The second season started well and till the 8th episode it was quite good but after that everyone actress life starts to breakdown which happened in the last season too. Expected a lot this time from them but they didn't make it that we'll. Enjoyed it.Looking forward for season 3.
All I can say about the bad reviews is that IT CELL IS ACTIVATED HERE TOO. A beautiful journey of four women who are not afraid of making mistakes. I'm sure the next season will highlight how they learn from them too. On the whole a bold feminine show.<br/><br/>I particularly like Prateik in this. I wasn't aware of his talent and charisma until I watched this.<br/><br/>Even Sayali, Keerti, Maanvi and Gurbani have portrayed feminism in all its charm and with its flaws. "Iron women" and "women of substance" is apt to describe these four.<br/><br/>Milind Soman and Lisa Ray have also showcased a commendable performance.<br/><br/>Applause for the team and keep up the good work. Please don't make it monotonous. Ignore the anti-feminist comments, they're just a bunch of hurt egos. The cast did a commendable job on portraying urban life which may be relatable to select "high societies", but relevant nonetheless. Issues like sexuality, sexual harassment, gender bases discrimination, toxic relationships, divorce, pre-marital pregnancies, body issues and other taboo topics are jumped into here.
Backdrop music was a bit pretentious and of place but otherwise it's a fun show to watch. The first season was loud and just noise but season 2 a bit of a punch,good enough I didnt want it to end . I like the portrayal of the gay relationship otherwise everything else falls flat. Kriti is the only one who can actually act even though they need to really work on the script for season3, please stop taking satc inspiration be a little orginal. I know many indian girls who sleeps like Samantha. But even satc borrow heavily from breakfast are Tiffany's and other pop culture. We need to glam up Mumbai more . Unlike most bollywood they don't need the streets of London to be hip and stylish. I don't know why people are giving horrible reviews. I watched both seasons and it's an awesome show. It's one of the few shows which packs substance even more in it's second tranche. Acting is brilliant. Storyline is terrific. A women's life is full of what men have in their life plus a lot more. I think that is the crux of the show. Four More Shots Please! Season 2 (web-series) review :<br/><br/>Damini, Anjana, Siddhi and Umang!<br/><br/>#FourBesties<br/><br/>Yup, they are back with a new season of Four More Shots Please - a desi version of 'Sex and the City' which found a fair amount of bouquets as well as brickbats in its first season. A mixed reaction, to put it bluntly!<br/><br/>Anyways, Season 2 has our ladies pick up (their lives) from where they left off and re-unite at their fave 'Truck Bar' for the mandatory tequilla shots and profane chatter highlighted with hastags!!<br/><br/>#FWordEverySentence. Oh yea!!<br/><br/>Sids (Maanvi Gagroo) gets over her breakup tamasha and attempts stand up comedy, Dee (Sayani Gupta) is chasing a real life scandal for her controversial novel, Anj (Kirti Kulhari) deals with a new misogynist boss while Mangs (Bani J) is supporting her depressed lesbian partner (Lisa Ray, gorgeous as ever) suffering from bipolar disorder.<br/><br/>#GirlGang<br/><br/>While the lead performances are sincere, it is Sayani and Kirti who stand out. Sayani Gupta is impressive once again as Dee. This chameleonistic actor can fit in to any role effortlessly. Kirti Kulhari pitches in yet another super fine act. Watch the scene where she gives back to her boss indulging in petty politics. Or a later episode where she resists her drunk hubby.<br/><br/>#Sheroes. Both of them.<br/><br/>On the other hand, the male cast comprising Milind Soman, Neil Bhoopalam and Prateik Babbar is one dimensional and strictly okey dokey.<br/><br/>#MenSuck. Offo!<br/><br/>Production values and other technical aspects are decent. The catchy title track is carried forward from season one. Ditto for the swear words se bhare dialogues.<br/><br/>More of a guilt pleasure watch, the new season of Four More Shots Please will appeal primarily to millennials and the SoBo crowd. Conservatives and NoBos, please stay far far away!!!<br/><br/>#LockdownTimepass<br/><br/>P.S. - Theres a twist at the end hinting at a season 3. Probably next year. That's ofcourse if these alcoholic promiscuous quadro are able to survive booze and casual sex during these Corona times. We hope!!!<br/><br/>Regards
Sumeet Nadkarni I thought this was an enjoyable watch and even though it is similar to some TV shows you may have already seen I enjoyed the cultural diversity, fun atmosphere, and strong female characters. I don't know why is everyone hating this series so much? I mean it's not bad, Infact it's kinda entertaining P.S. I have never reviewed any movie/series so far, I am doing just now. That should explain the impact of this series. Amazing story and character built up. The series is about 4 girl(space)friends from different professional and family backgrounds and revolves around the happenings in there life as the decisions they take. This is stereo-type breaking Indian series. I loved it. Can't wait for season 2.
This is how society can learn and live A Prime Original that portrays lives of four women struggling in their own problems. This show has got it all, from nepotism at work to focus on the LGBTQ community.
I guess the reason why people are not liking this show is probably because they cannot accept women living like this. I am not judging anyone but I just can't understand what's wrong with cliches and Bollywood dialogues being used. Every show, literally every show does that.
This show surely has some loopholes like at times it is a bit too unrealistic in the current world but I think that can be overlooked.
In a nutshell, this show is a great sitcom with amazing direction and scene set up but with a few situations which are really hard to imagine. I am giving a rating of 7 because they took at least 5 episodes to get my interest. I watched the first 3 episodes and it didn't interest me enough to keep watching. Then I tried again. It is a copy of the show sex and the city to an extent. Not that the show sex and the city was awesome. This show could have been really good but it is predictable. They have added angles like Damini's OCD and Sidhi's babygirl fiasco but all the love angles are very predictable. You would expect that Jeh would go back to Myra and he did. You would predict that Samara would not be open about the relationship and she wasn't and then the news would be published about her coming out and it did. This story could have been way better than it is. The last scene about Anjana driving drunk is the worst angle. Do women lose their brains when they become mothers? That's absolutely stupid. I think I m giving it a 7 because thankfully they came out with a show which gives a chance to women to talk openly about sexuality and careers. Being a woman is not just about being a wife and mother. Being a fan of SATC, this show annoyed me in the beginning... especially because I kept thinking the show does a lot to be like SATC but fails and will end up being just another Rip off!!! But somehow I got hooked to it towards the end of the Season 1 and surprisingly found it better than my expectations...
So give it time, maybe you will end up liking it!
Also, if you are SATC try not to compare as that won't let you enjoy the show just as I wasn't liking it initially. Seems like people have been paid to give negative reviews. I'm not sure what made these uncivilised people to give negative reviews.<br/><br/>Screenplay is excellent from first episode till last episode. Storyline may be very thin, But it is portrayed excellently. Cast selection is perfect. You may not be able to point a single mistake in acting. It may take a decade for other directors to take a beautiful series like this. Anu Menon is perfectionist. Definitely the best direction in recent years. Just go for it. Enjoyed till the last frame. Four more shots please is a series that is really fresh and interesting all the main 4 characters done a terrefic job and the chemistry between them is also very good and last but not the least story dialogues are also Superbbb Not for people who watch Saas Bahu shows and have a fake view on Sanskaar. Definitely a feminist show with 4 independent women who struggle to balance their career and love/married lives. A modern theme.
Acting is superb. Infact the story itself seems unrealistic. It was a waste of time. The overacting skills can be seen throughout the series. Disappointed and not worth of your time. Spare yourself . This series have no authenticity of India at all! This series main plot got inspired from "sex and the city". And rest of the content is just what we see in every Hollywood movie and series, this series is just a trash! Indians should concentrate more on their roots than this copy westren. India roots are the strength of India . The acting by the actors are not that convincing, also a little more effort to the story also would have been better. The premise seems is copied and inspired from lot of other shows. Be it the troubled romantic lives of women from "Sex and the City", the end of days meeting in a coffee shop from "Friends"(replaced by meeting in a bar). It would have been better understood had it shown relatable characters however the show seems to believe that in order to seem successful one has to look and behave weird. Be it the lady who gets divorced although she had a well behaved husband, who she still loves or a successful business man who wants to kiss a girls legs to arouse her while he is out to meet her during an arranged marriage.
Why can't they make woman orients shows in India, where women appear like relatable characters. Take some inspiration from movies like 'Dil Chaata Hai' and 'Zindigi Na Milege Dobara', these are male orient movies and yet the characters behave like modern, relatable and normal human beings minus the eroticism and attention seeking gestures. First I was judgemental about the series that it would be just an Indian copy of Sex and the City but I was wrong, they can not be compared. This series has touched so many sensitive topics and tried to explore real world difficulties around them. All the actors have done wonderful job and deserve an applause. Good content, bold and meaningful. As a society we should be openly talking about each subject, and we don't have any right to be judgemental on one's character. Every human being is unique and respect that uniqueness. I feel proud that we are creating such meaningful entertainment. Doesn't makes any sense. Story - Direction- screenplay- acting nothing is even 10 % . Don't know what is happen to content of Amazon prime I thought the moment I saw this series on prime video, it wouldn't be another Veere Di Wedding! But very disappointed as it's another cliche series showing women trying to be like men. Women don't need that! Women need Respect, Equality, preferences & importance that men get in Indian society! Everyone tends to forget that we women only give birth to these men and end up being thrashed by them but that doesn't mean we put men down and behave like them to prove feminism. I wish this series just showed how important it is to treat every human/ individual equal & not swearing or getting drunk and declaring to the world that we can do whatever we want! Women don't need that! We are strong but we need to be treated equal in society and not thrashed. Every mom needs to start treating their kids whether boy or girl equally, then only we can change this society and get rid of discrimination.<br/><br/>9/10 for the women who acted in this series as they portrayed their roles very well. Other than that this series isn't something I would have preferred to watch. Utterly stupid, non brainy, please dont waste your time please I am aghast at the definition of feminism these days. Chak de India was about women empowerment and so was Dangal. This series is not. This series tries too hard to be feministic- by hating men, cussing, sex and extreme hatred for patriarchy. Those women are winners do so by hard work without victimhood. Those who do not have talent go screaming about feminism without actually "doing" anything I dont know whats the wrong woth india with this whole feminism concepts. The creations which comes under promoting feminism shows same thing. Either one of them is lesbian, smoking marijuina, using dirty words in public.. i mean.. seriously? This is the feminism what we need? This is how women see the equilty with men..<br/><br/>I highly enjoyed with this engaging series. But hugely dissaponted with this feminism view of india! It's a garbage series.. Every single plot or emotion or even dialogues seems to be forcefully put around discussing Vagina, sex and lenght if men's private parts..Main agenda of this series seems like empowering is directly proportional to sex..either talk or act..
The makers made an immense effort to show the main characters as victims in some or the other way...which seems in no way convincing..most of the time the supposed "antagonist" makes more sense than the protagonist..
It's a very lame attempt to show women empowering/liberal mostly by sleeping around and discussing male/female private parts (to which I don't have any problem..but it just seems so forceful and unnecessary here) First of all I would like to say that it was genuinely a good attempt at making a show that centers around women and for those who compare it to "veere di wedding" the show is infinitly better than that. Now I am not saying that it was flawless. But, before I jump to the bad parts let's count the good things, the first being damini's character, her story I found was the most well crafted it felt as if the writers spent time in building her character. Second, is the acting by the leading ladies as well as prateek babbar and milind suman(he was a treat to eyes). Thirdly, the way the city is represented in the show kind of creates a craving inside you to see this life in reality which keeps the viewers all the more engaged. Forth, being the mostly relatable talks that we've had with our besties as well, it sure does have some steriotypical characters but they exist in our real life as well.<br/><br/>Now the biggest disappointment for me in this show was the way the creaters developed other characters especially Anjana's character, it just makes me feel bad thinking how better it could have been and I feel the major reason for that was the timing, 10 episodes that too only for half an hour for four characters is way too less. It should have been at least 50 mins long, those 20 extra minutes would have made such a huge difference in the entire story and the audience would have been able to connect with the characters in a better way.<br/><br/>One more thing that did not work for the show was the cringy way the side cast was acting, be it umang's mother and brother or Jeh's parsi family, their acting just didn't work for me.<br/><br/>But the worst part was the last episode, it felt as if the person who wrote the fist episode was not invited on the table when the last episode was written. Seriously, anything was happening in that episode- accidents, cheating, scandals and whatnot and that too at the same time. It was halfbaked poorly edited and not at all well thought out, I would say we as audience deserved a better finale. Literally for 9 episodes everything was good we were having fun and suddenly we are watching the finale and it feels as if I've tuned into some other show. The show took you on a high till 9 episodes and left you dry on 10th episode. I really hope that season 2 is better coz I need a lot of explanations and answers.<br/><br/>I won't tell you guys wheater you should see it or not, it's for you to decide. All I can say is despite it's flaws I liked the show. We deserve more of such shows. I will keep it simple:<br/><br/>Poor direction.
No story.
Poor acting..not sure why milind woman signed up for this show.
Every scene is copy of every chic flick ever. I hated it so much that i really had to write a review about it.<br/><br/>The worst of the worst, completely imaginary, inethical and total absurd series ever created. No storyline whatsoever, the acting is so bad that it has to be seen to be believed. All the characters are unlikable,creators of this show think that having girls talk about vagina, sex is progressive and cool but sorry it is not. you can't identify with any character because there is no arc to any of them .You don't care for any character or their problems simply because they all are badly written. The creators of this show have made bad movies (except Pyaar Ke Side Effects) but this wannabe show tops them all.
The boys especially the acting by that gay dude is so bad that it gives a bad name to acting. The guys are merely used as props and that is a compliment, I guess they were just to happy to get a gig or else no one with an iota of self respect would have ever given consent to starring in it. Please stay away from this trash and opt for some other crappy series India is releasing on digital medium these days. Shame on you Amazon for even approving this crap. Total waste of time if you want to see porn since it is band in India you can watch this
It is simply a porn web series What could've been a masterpiece, has been ruined to mere yet another web series with no substance. When I first saw the trailer, I felt Veere Di Wedding vibes - 4 rich brats who just exaggerate their troubles. But after seeing their interviews, I hoped for something better. There's a lawyer in Veere Di Wedding and there's one here too. In movie we had one chubby lady (Shikha Talsania) who had faced taunts of her dad - same here with mom doing it. All four have bonding through the "drinks" like their movie counterparts. Movie counterparts had bigger budget so they went out of India for unwinding. The ladies here have smaller budget, so they had to stick to Goa. Thankfully the similarities end here.
Now on to the review. Meet Damini, super busy journalist, editor-in-chief and founder of investigator.com who has no time to marry, yet indulges in one night stands (kicks him out after the deed), has OCD (results in childhood flashbacks), fantasizes about her hot old gynec (even in board room when there's a serious discussion going on and visits him frequently in some pretext or other - hoping to take it to next level) and feels comfortable chatting with bartender (who likes her).<br/><br/>Then we have Anjana, a single mom and lawyer who has her hands full with kid , an ex-husband who doesn't shell out any penny towards support and currently moving on life with some other lady. Lonely at times, gets jealous of the other female bonding so well with daughter and hence loses cases often.<br/><br/>Then there is Siddhi Patel, a rich girl with domineering mother whose only goal is to marry her daughter off to a rich guy and rub it in her friend's face. Siddhi, who's slightly on a chubby side is often taunted to shape up and asked to learn music and ballet. Her dates aren't successful and she's rather frustrated.<br/><br/>Finally, we have Umang - a successful gym trainer who's badass and bisexual (they had to stress this aspect by showing her having s*x with male gym client first and then a random girl at bar).
These are our four friends who bond over drinks at Truck bar. Along with these four we have other supporting characters like Jeh (bartender), Varun (Anjana's ex husband), Kavya/Pookie Aunty (Varun's current gf), Sneha Patel (Siddhi's mom), Mihir (Siddhi's love interest) and Samara (Umang's true love).<br/><br/>The story looked promising. Like Damini's articles have caused serious litigation problems. Anjana, unable to move on and finds Kavya a bigger nuisance. Siddhi - battling her low self confidence by accidentally surfing porn site and deciding to go against mom by posting her own content in the website and Umang finding love with her client Samara.<br/><br/>Even though there is strong potential for the content development, they just lost the opportunity to do so. There are too many gaps and I managed to lose interest. In fact I even skipped couple of episodes, still I could understand what's happening. There were things that just irritated me to the core. Let me explain: 1.Like how can a lady fantasize about a guy and having s*x in the middle of presentation in her board meeting? Flirts with doc, no luck... Flirts with bartender, again no luck... So call the f**k buddy? BAM - a random s*x scene. I mean she fantasizes about one, tries luck with one more and has with totally different guy Why?
2. Usually when you're interested in someone, you develop a bond and go for it. Just because he's a gynec, doesn't mean you drop there on some pretext and show ur private parts - hoping he'll get a hint. Imagine if a guy does this to lady gynec. It'll be harassment. But we should take this jovially right? Being a lady Somehow Damini gets to live her fantasy with a promise of next time.
3.Simultaneously, she's showing interest in the bartender and who likes her. They spend time at Goa together. Then the next time when the doc shows up at the same bar - she fumbles, doesn't sort it there to her love interest; grabs doc and goes out. Rather than explaining about changed circumstances, kisses the doc. Who walked in at the moment? Yup the bartender. She apologizes to the doc that she couldn't help because he's so hot kind. Goes back to clarify with her bf but the guy is miffed. She keeps trying again and again. But who will be okay?
4. On one hand they compare men and condom, discuss about p**is size, just to find f**k buddy, they're openly ready to ask the p**is size but at the same time, Damini wants to write an article on India being Number 1 rape country! What are they trying to tell?
5. Okay you're miffed with mom for pushing way too hard, but will you start live streaming porn video in retaliation? I mean who does that?
6. First you give divorce, then get jealous that he's moving on. Then go around looking for f**k buddy, find a guy and then totally wasted on alcohol! Tries to be a responsible mom by driving under influence? Is she crazy? And we're supposed to believe that she's a lawyer!!
7. My only question. All the things these 4 ladies did, if it was reversed - a guy fantasizes a hot woman, flirts with a waitress - tries with both of them and doesn't work; ends up sleeping with a f**k buddy - every fake feminist will shout "such a despo dog". Log naache toh mujra, khud naache toh disco?
8. Random sex scenes in every episode makes no sense. It's like they filmed those scenes separately and added wherever they felt.
9. Also, which judge in our country openly insults women lawyers?<br/><br/>I didn't accept the way Umang was talking about other stuff, but I had little sympathy only for her - because she really loved and cared for Samara. It's not easy to declare in front of her friends and family. Yet she did to show her love. But her lover literally dumps her over phone. Only that, I felt unfair.<br/><br/>Please skip this series. If you're hoping that the s*x scenes will turn you on, forget it. You will feel annoyed at those scenes popping up suddenly. If you're thinking this series will make you support women empowerment, think again. At the end of the series, I felt empathy for genuine menfolk who got the bashing for no apparent reason. Only thing I found worthwhile in the whole series is the speech given by Uma, the chairperson of the board on feminism. It gave true essence on what real feminists want - equality in work and equal pay for equal work. One of the worst series showing feminism and liberalism , just abusing mother, father family members, drinking , random sex , this is the liberalism they are showing , one who abuse mother not just abusing talk about her own mother private parts and then laugh about it is called feminism in this series. Good work amazon prime I believe netfilx is better It's an old story of women empowerment, nothing new Well pros....engaging, entertaining and feel good factor now cons ..... unwanted sexual contents.... can say turkey half done.... but does not disappoints Less time of sex scene...... Acting is good
Kirti kulhari aweseome when romancing in episode 8
Kirti kulhari is good and acted well Fresh for Indian audience to watch. Liked it so far. Just felt that it went unnecessarily bold at some places where it could be avoided.