Fans have mostly been kept in the dark regarding what goes behind the scenes at a football club, that too the size of Manchester City and other premier league clubs. This documentary has given unparalleled access to how the team talks, locker room, transfer strategies and daily functionings of the club work. Add to this the raw emotion and the best ever Premier league season for a team in history, this makes for a deeply informative and enthralling view for all football fans, though it is understandable how some rivals will frown upon this as is the culture in world football today. Amazon have done a far better job with Manchester City than Netflix did with Juventus with barely any access other than some different angles of press conferences etc. This is a joyride which takes you through the whole season the club had with every bit of happy, sad, painful and victorious moments as never seen before. This changes your perspective on club football. Amazing. Although I might be a little biased here given that I am a citizen I still recommend everyone to watch this. A roller coaster ride of emotions. Although it might be diffcult for people who show little or no interest in football, I still suggest that this a must watch. Blue moon! Greatest season for manchester city portrayed in a beautiful cinematic documentary! Must watch for any fan! I am not a Manchester City supporter, I am however a fan of football, particularly when the game is played with style and panache.
Fascinating to watch a renowned manager manage a team of very expensively assembled footballers. Is it possible to generate a team spirit within a group of highly paid sportsmen? Spending huge sums of money guarantees nothing, Hollywood big budget movies don't always hit the mark. Expensively assembled teams don't always perform as collectively as their price tag would imply. This 'fly on the wall' documentary gives outsiders the chance to see how a team is shaped. How a manager driven, almost manically, by if not perfection, at least by the desire to try to achieve perfection. 
The desire to win however does not come above all else. The club's understanding of David Silva's desire to take time away from the team to be with his wife and prematurely born son is handled with compassion and understanding. 
Of course we don't get the warts and all version, it's unreasonable to expect that, but we do get more insight into a big time football club than anyone could ever have believed possible. Truly fascinating. I'll start off by saying I'm a Man Utd fan. However, I'm a football fan first and foremost, I appreciate the artistry of football, I love watching teams who play beautifully and attack with creativity. And I take my hat off to Pep and the Man City team, they are wonderful to watch, a special team.<br/><br/>And thats what makes this documentary so good - not only do we get an unprecedented look behind the scenes of a premier league football club, we also get to see the journey Pep and his players took in a record-breaking season. It's a captivating story - if you are a fan of football, watch it. Incredible club, manager, season, access, film-making... I never write reviews, but felt compelled too after watching this show , I'm a huge Liverpool fan but so didn't know if I would like this , it just shows how hypocritical Jose Mourinho is after his comments about the show, this show is a must watch for any football fan, shows how footballers although they make a large amount of money, really it's all about winning. Such a great insight into life as a Manchester City player last season. As a City fan, I loved every minute of it as I got to see a different view of how they live, work & play. Would recommend to any football fan. This is how documentaries should be!! Kudos to Amazon for providing us, the passionate fans of this beautiful game, a much needed, detailed insight. Aptly depicts how the life is at the zenith of the footballing pyramid. Maybe a difficult one to watch if you don't follow football, otherwise, you will experience every possible emotion. I will just end it with the famous quote of Martin Tylor: "Watch it, drink it in, I swear you'll never see something like this, again!!" A great team! An unbelievable season! With an extraordinary manager ! This isn't the first time there has been a backroom "fly on the wall" documentary of a professional football club. Amazing to see the full access to staff and players from Manchester City. Interesting to see how passionate Guardiola is and how well he works with the team and staff. 
Excellently produced.
Seems however shaun-721-897376might be a Man United fan :) What a team Manchester City was in 17/18, playing football we've never seen in the premier league before, the coverage of how they went about it included the good & bad times was just the icing on the cake really. Congratulations to Pep Guardiola and his team on a remarkable season despite all the critique he received when he first joined the league. The Centurions This is a fascinating documentary into modern football. I remember watching a similar programme about Neil Warnock's Sheffield Utd years ago and I suppose if you put this side by side with that it would paint a glaring picture of the way the sport, its players and its managers have changed forever. It's obvious from the outset that money drips off every part of the top level of this sport but it's interesting to see how it has been used to shape footballers into almost superhuman athletes with the best marketing in the world. The reason I enjoyed this documentary so much was mainly the insight it gives into Pep Guardiola. I have obviously heard all the cliches about the man before but this was the first time I felt actually understood why he has been so successful. Yes he has great teams and yes he gets huge amounts of financial support but his passion and outstanding man management are undeniable. Every scene featuring Guardiola is hugely watchable and often gripping. Absolutely brilliant, complete insight! Best football documentary you will ever watch. The way ot has been filmed is amazing too. Fantastic job by Manchester City and Amazon. Incredible insight into the day to day life of a football club, its manager, players and staff. Made even more incredible by it covering one of the most remarkable seasons a premier league team has ever had. <br/><br/>However it's the humanity, pain, suffering, joy and elation on show that really gripped me. A season to remember and this series is memorable too. <br/><br/>Even though there aren't too many low points, the way you get to see everyone in and around the club deal with those, as well as all the highs as very well done.<br/><br/>The passion on display from the players, Pep and the backroom stuff, the heart and soul they seem to put into their work, even behind the scenes where we normally wouldn't see it.<br/><br/>100% recommend, even if not a City fan it's just all round interesting and fascinating to look at!<br/><br/>( Don't look at the bitter reviews that the United fans leave here - although, I'd be bitter too if a 'small club' with 'no fans' was better run than the so called biggest club in the world ;) ) If you're a EPL fan you'll love this. Manchester City did something extremely special! We are lucky to experience it. I've watched all of the 'All of Nothing' series and am equally interested in NFL, football and rugby but I found this one to be a massive disappointment.<br/><br/>It really doesn't deliver anything of particular interest, you don't get to know any of the players beyond the usual 'scratching the surface' kind of stuff and the episodes became repetitive. Perhaps it is a victim of the very nature of a football season in that there are 60 odd games to weave a story through, whereas the NFL and rugby series get to concentrate on far fewer games.<br/><br/>Hearing from Guardiola was interesting, but the majority of his dressing room and training ground appearances, (which should have been amazing as this is a side of football we never get to see), were indecipherable. I rarely had a clue what he was saying and judging by the looks on their faces, nor did the players.<br/><br/>Caring about the players is what can really make these series tick but you don't get anything from them beyond the kind of mundane stuff you regularly hear on Sky Sports or Match of the Day. I guess it's hard to get interesting sound bites or insights from the players when the majority of them speak English as a 2nd language. I wonder how much they were really allowed to say because they never spoke about anything of interest.<br/><br/>One of the elements of a football match that I have always been keen to see and hear, are the coaches and even the players discussing things on the bench during a game. Why was there almost none of this? The seemingly endless highlights of games would have benefited from having something to break them up and not hearing from anyone during the games felt like a missed opportunity.<br/><br/>Should have been brilliant but was rather underwhelming Fanstasic documentary, really gives you an insight on the best manger in the world Pep Guardiola! Would highly recommend! The team atmosphere is incredible. All or Nothing: Manchester City is a treat for all football fans. As a City fan, I could not ask for more. 2017/2018 have been the best years for City.
It was thrilling to see how Pep started his journey with City and prepares his team before every single match no matter how challenging the opponent is. He wants the team to play not only to win and score more goals but to display the top performance full 90 minutes and gives all credits to the team when they win and perform well.
Back room/lockers room talks, preparation before the match and the celebration afterwards is exciting. Knowing the background story of each member's/player's personal journey surely connects us to their character.
Just finished the season and started watching again as it's that great. I really hope they make a second season. This was an amazing watch. Would highly recommend to everyone.<br/><br/><ul><li>Liverpool fan</li></ul> Honestly, this was my first soccer documentary. It's so fascinating to look into the Manchester city locker room. Also, it was great to see how Pep Guardiola works with the team, how he inspires these guys to give it all in every match. To collect 100 points during the season is amazing, taking into account that the Premier league is considered one of the toughest around the Europe. However, it's not all about the winnings in this documentary, it's also about losing, taking responsibility and moving forward. I mean all soccer fans should watch, it's truly fascinating. To get the access into one of the biggest football clubs in the world is amazing. Brilliantly filmed and hope they bring out more! If you love football then you definitely love this series Just what we Cityzens needed. All the details on our dream season and the mastermind of Guardiola. I watched the All or Nothing series about the New Zealand All Blacks Rugby and was very impressed by it. This new series on Manchester City has been just as outstanding. I wasn't a fan of City growing up, but appreciate the behind the scenes look at what it takes to run a professional EPL team. Well done Amazon, keep up the great work on the series. Plus, it opens the eyes of the local (US) audience to other sports like soccer and rugby! The entire thing is just too controlled, which makes everything seem too glossy and perfect. I reluctantly watched after being promised a previously unseen insight to the world of top level football. I did not receive this and instead sat through hours of advertising for man city. If you're a big fan of this documentary, make sure you educate yourself on the origin of this style of filmmaking. This show essentially replicates the formula NFL Films took years to perfect. While it is incredible to have unprecedented access to a world previously kept largely in the shadows for EPL fans, the storytelling and match day recaps simply do not compare to those produced by NFL Films, and that is why it is only worthy of a 9 out of 10 rating.<br/><br/>NFL Films has more, and higher quality, cameras on the field, more, and better, microphones for capturing the actual on-field sounds, and a better sense for editing. Loved it but i also understand where it misses the mark. Does anyone know when this will be released ?? Probably in time for Christmas ?! Only seen the first episode, as yet, but brilliant and addictive.....A lot of money has gone into this production and seems a million years since the first City VHS documentary 'Life with the Blues'....Done on the cheap ! For football enthusiasts, this documentary will show you what it's like to win football matches. The ups and downs. The risks and rewards. The drama. The passion. The desire to win.<br/><br/>I'm not a city fan. Far from it. But after watching this you respect this team. Their hard work and commitment to Peps vision. It's funny, interesting, surprising and uplifting. Puts you in the mood to get a fifa career mode started up. <br/><br/>Excellent stuff. 10/10. Pep Guardiola is a genius of the game. A great mind. Quite funny as well.
I see more teams following suit. Would love to see a Barcelona equivalent.<br/><br/><ul><li>a Celtic fan.</li></ul> I've watched the NFL ones before and they were great, when I heard about this I was really looking forward to it and it did not disappoint. Doesn't matter who you support this is such an insightful look into how a club works/runs any footy fan will find it interesting. If you love city you will love this. I think Pep is a genius sent from god to manage this team. Watch and enjoy if you are a city fan It doesn't matter who you support, unless its united, as they are bitter over everything, this show captures what you never see, behind the scenes, united are upset it wasn't done with them, but from what I gather, they were not interested in the bus station, pep is a genius who brings the best out of players, created a group who want to play for each other, if you love football, and don't mind it being city, I suggest you give it a go As a neutral (well, kind of, Arsenal fan!), I understand why Manchester City Football Club would want to celebrate their record-breaking and historic 2017-2018 season, and I love the kind of football Guardiola's sides play. But 'All or Nothing' felt long-winded and repetitive to me. The excitement's over now, remember, we know what happened because we lived it (I mean the fans of the English Premier League). I realize the documentary's supposed to chronicle the whole season, but think the film-makers could have edited it down to just 1 or 2 episodes, perhaps a feature-length split over 2 parts. 8 episodes was just plain excessive.<br/><br/>The 'must-watch' comments I've read here exaggerate the access the film-makers were given. The club are not going to let sensitive stuff get aired publicly. Most of the talk was either obvious or, in the case of Guardiola's briefings, pretty indecipherable anyway. Other stuff would have been edited out at the club's discretion, it goes without saying. In fact, 'All or nothing' felt rather bland to me, devoid of much real drama and tension. If you're going to do 'fly on the wall' stuff, at least make it real and interesting. I enjoyed watching some of the chats and banter between players (for a few minutes, at least) and the football was presented professionally and in context (Ben Kingsley's voice began to grate, though).<br/><br/>People that follow football seriously kind of know what goes on in the background of clubs (through reports, local press, open days, interviews, biographies, sports documentaries etc.). You piece it all together. There's a mass of information out there for the fan, a lot of it ends up on sites like YouTube which I'm grateful for, and I'm not sure that this rather sanitized and 'managed' document of the season adds much to people's overall knowledge of 'The beautiful game'. The film's one saving grace for me was to give the outsider a glimpse of Pep's management style and his backroom staff which have a very strong presence around the players. There are some interesting characters among them, mostly Spanish people that followed Pep since he started managing at Barcelona. Look out for Manuel Estiarte, for example, a former Olympic water polo champion, Pep's so-called 'eyes and ears' around the dressing room (read: spy!). Sometimes you gleen more from things that are not said or referred to directly. But far too much of 'All or Nothing' was pretty inconsequential, and hard to take seriously with all its obvious show and publicity for the club and brand. It was a great season for that group of players and their manager, the football was amazing, but I couldn't get very worked up about the documentary itself. All the 10 out of 10's on IMDb are pretty meaningless. Football fans, try to be more objective and critical, please!<br/><br/>As a non-neutral, I was disappointed in Mike Arteta's involvement in the film, ill-advised. People can judge for themselves. Sorry, but I felt it was disrespectful to his previous club and its fans. Something unpleasant about Ya Ya Toure's final games for City, too. These are things 'All Or Nothing' doesn't really address, of course, just saying ... Awesome. Made me feel like playing for Man City. What a show. <br/><br/>Would recommend this to everyone with the slightest interest in football. I have myself watched shows like 'Hard Knocks' from NFL and 'Road to Winter Classic' in the NHL. It is made like them with player portraits, inside and around training, team talks, match highlights and celebrations. Very cool.<br/><br/>Recommends! As a lifelong City fan this was such a great opportunity to get behind the scenes. I know that it's a sanitized view but it's so much better than we get normally. Fascinating and gripping, speaking as a City fan. All or Nothing is one of the best football documentaries of recent years, capturing City's amazing record-breaking 17/18 season and providing a surprisingly in-depth look behind the scenes.<br/><br/>As a lifelong City fan who has grown tired of many aspects of modern football, it was pleasing to see such a human side to the people involved with the club. The players come across as likeable, grounded and surprisingly vulnerable. Watching fan favourite Sergio Aguero rattling around his apartment, clearly bored and lonely, was fascinating and strangely sad. And in a time where clubs are increasingly isolated from the local communities, it was great to see the hilarious Brandon Ashton, local lad and kitman, so heavily involved with the squad on a personal level.<br/><br/>If you are going to watch this documentary, I would also recommend watching the more sobering 'Sunderland Till I Die' as a counterweight. Intertwining these two shows would provide a great insight into both the good and bad of the modern game. I first watched 'All or Nothing: Manchester City' when it was released last August and, starved of football this summer, I recently re-watched it and relived what was an incredible season of achievements for City. Aside from the fact that I'm a lifelong City fan and was always going to be interested in a documentary about my club, I was genuinely blown away by just how good this Amazon series was and I can't imagine there being many, if any, better footballing documentaries ever made again.<br/><br/>This fly-on-the-wall, access-all-areas series goes way beyond anything that has preceded it in terms of giving fans an insight into the day-to-day running of a football club, what goes on behind closed doors, and what is said in the changing rooms, which would usually be strictly off-limits. I would highly recommend 'All or Nothing' and it's a must-watch for any football fan. A outstanding documentary, brilliantly produced and absolutely fascinating from the first episode to the last. An in-depth documentary focused on the second season of the new Guardiola's Manchester City era; a team built to be today's very best, envisioning the style of football that made 2010's Barcelona so successful and backed by a literal waterfall of money as only a state-sponsored team can hope to be. But, whether you support its origin and the financial apparatus surrounding it or not, you may still found this documentary interesting and rewarding. The production is remarkable and the content well curated. Each episode chronologically follows the precedent and collectively they produce an overarching narrative of the 2017/2018 season when the team won the first league title of its new era, after only one unsuccessful year. The main sequences focus on the matches, victories and defeats, that defined the season and made this success possible. Background moments provide insights on training, life in the team campus, the life of some central players, transfer market but also player injuries and locker room interactions. The latter is possibly the most interesting piece of information as you can get a rarely available picture, albeit brief, of players' and managers' behavior and mentality before, during and after the match. I'm not sure it would be interesting for the average viewer. For football players or fans though, it should turn out to be something informative, enjoyable and worth the time. Is it just me or does anyone else thing that Pep pushed Man City too hard in the early part of the season at a pace that was unsustainable?<br/><br/>First of all, everyone hates Manchester City, but that ¡s no reason to miss this amazing series. Even if you don't like football, it is worth checking out, and if you do like the game it's a must-see. <br/><br/>Spoiler Alert! Kevin De Bruyne is really, really good! I mean, I sort of knew it before, but we don't see a lot of Premier League games here in Spain. They used to show the best match of the week here on Saturdays on open TV, but these days you have to pay for everything.<br/><br/>In episode 2 you'll find more drama than most feature films can produce:<br/><br/>10 DEC 2017 Old Trafford Stadium 
Guardiola (tiqui-taka) vs Jose Mourinho (park the bus)
Man U. 40 games at home without a loss<br/><br/>This is better than fiction. These moments are what really make this a great series. There were so many great games, fantastic goals, and beautiful footage of the fans' reactions. Every team should be so lucky to have a good season immortalized in this way. It was a lot of fun for me because I don't much follow Premier League football so I knew few of the results beforehand except City's poor showing in the Champions League (the most important competition, in my opinion).<br/><br/>You have to say something about the music in this documentary. Manchester is among the best pop music cities in the world and has been for several decades.<br/><br/>The Manchester Derby is perhaps the greatest in all of football. In Valencia when VCF plays cross-town rivals Levante, winning is like beating up your younger brother. If Levante manages to win, I'm actually happy for them. Real Madrid and Atlético have a decent derby, but it's sort of like the London derbies and there are more teams involved. Maybe I'm wrong on this point.<br/><br/>So in my humble opinion, you can't have more drama than Manchester City vs Manchester United with the Premier League within the grasp of City with a win. You can't make this stuff up, folks and if you did you'd be accused of being farfetched. <br/><br/>By far the least interesting part of the series, and it takes up a lot of screen time, were the locker room speeches by Guardiola. He's not exactly Henry V and not really very articulate, not in Spanish or English. We never really get a chance to delve into just what makes him such a great manager. Any idiot can give unlettered rants before a game and at halftime, but Pep has won almost everything except a World Cup final. As fans we don't know what happens behind the scenes, but this documentary is a chance to know more about what happens in training ground and locker rooms Before I start writing review. I would like to tell that I am neutral fan of premier league. I don't have preferences. I just enjoy it. This series give impression that it bash certain group here. José Mourinho. He is respected Manager in world football. Whatever he did at Chelsea. Documentary should not be judgemental and biased. He didn't accepted Kevin's talent at Chelsea. I have question. Whether City would sign him if he didn't have Stellar two seasons in Bundesliga. Nobody is above errors. But just to defamed him to show greatness of Kevin as City player is utterly non sense. I would say not must watch. But inside glimpse of professional football is good. Great to see behind the scenes.awesome cinematography of a great season. Fantastic to see behind the scenes of a big football club. I will state that I am a massive Football fan so I was fascinated to watch this behind the scenes look at Manchester City's 2017-2018 Season, also I will stress that I am not a Manchester City fan so this is coming from a neutral. If you are a football fan then you will find the interactions in the dressing room come across as great insights into how a team interact before, during and after games. This is helped by the excellent narrating by Sir Ben Kingsley that adds to the gravitas of the show and how the drama is built. Everyone on this show comes across as completely genuine whether it is Captain Vincent Kompany, Manager Pep Guardiola or just a kit man. As a person involved in the tactical side of football seeing a genius like Guardiola work is fascinating and gives me a greater perception on why he is the best manager in the world at the moment. This is one of the harder shows I have ever had to review but I am a huge football fan and loved it so if you have any interest in football or sport I would recommend giving this show a watch. 22 grown men chasing a bag of wind boring zzzzzz .I would rather watch paint dry. Lets start by saying im a CPFC season ticket holder, so no affiliation with MCFC whatsoever, but as something to watch - this is simply phenomenal!<br/><br/>A proper behind the scenes look at the workings of a club, and very much all access to the camera, and makes you understand more of what goes on. The discussion by the chairman saying Sanchez transfer wasnt economically viable said a lot about what United must have paid.<br/><br/>My partner hates football, but warned me off watching an episode without her as she is enjoying it that much! In the video I just see a man how's aggressive and charming.Of course I love the CITY but PEP is so charming.And Vinnie I think he can be a president in one day .COME CITY!!!!!!! That City team and that dream premiere league season for them ...
How beautifully crafted piece of art ... so so emotional and thrilling ...
Awesome work ! This documentary being agreed to by Manchester City is ground breaking, it's never been done before in the Premier League era. It's a different style to the Juventus one on Netflix, which focuses more on players and their lives Football, this is more of a football focused piece. We don't see much of the players outside of training or playing, which disappoints me a bit. I'd like to have seen how these guys live once they hang their boots up and head home. <br/><br/>That said it's fascinating to watch how Pep and his team work; in the modern day of ultra athletes. From training, tactics, motivation to cutting edge medical science this is an eye opener for the general public. If you're an avid football fan this is worth watching, and I believe will soon be done by most big clubs around Europe.